


Newspaper build finished...Awaiting Results 



Parsing Article 1


### TITLE: 
CNBC Investing Club: Video

### TEXT: 
CLICK TO READ THE DISCLAIMER. NO FIDUCIARY OBLIGATION OR DUTY EXISTS, OR IS CREATED, BY VIRTUE OF YOUR RECEIPT OF INVESTING CLUB INFORMATION. NO SPECIFIC OUTCOME OR PROFIT IS GUARANTEED.

### DATE: 
2022-11-15

### Summary: 
CLICK TO READ THE DISCLAIMER.
NO FIDUCIARY OBLIGATION OR DUTY EXISTS, OR IS CREATED, BY VIRTUE OF YOUR RECEIPT OF INVESTING CLUB INFORMATION.
NO SPECIFIC OUTCOME OR PROFIT IS GUARANTEED.

### Keywords: 
club
virtue
outcome
specific
profit
receipt
information
guaranteed
video
investing
obligation
read
cnbc

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 2


### TITLE: 
Pro News and Analysis

### TEXT: 


### DATE: 
2014-10-30

### Summary: 


### Keywords: 
pro
analysis

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 3


### TITLE: 
Wall Street's official stock market outlook — The latest CNBC Market Strategist Survey

### TEXT: 
Where do the sharpest minds on Wall Street believe the market is headed? The CNBC PRO exclusive Market Strategist Survey is a roundup of year-end targets for the S & P 500 from top Wall Street strategists, updated quarterly, or whenever there is a material change to the forecasts. *Morgan Stanley has removed its 2024 year end price target of 4,500 and is now projecting 5,400 for the second-quarter 2025. Here are the current 2024 targets from top strategists. Maximum target: 6,200- John Stoltzfus, Oppenheimer Minimum target: 4,200- Dubravko Lakos-Bujas, JPMorgan Average target: 5,659 Median Target: 5,750

### DATE: 
2023-05-11

### Summary: 
Where do the sharpest minds on Wall Street believe the market is headed?
The CNBC PRO exclusive Market Strategist Survey is a roundup of year-end targets for the S & P 500 from top Wall Street strategists, updated quarterly, or whenever there is a material change to the forecasts.
*Morgan Stanley has removed its 2024 year end price target of 4,500 and is now projecting 5,400 for the second-quarter 2025.
Here are the current 2024 targets from top strategists.
Maximum target: 6,200- John Stoltzfus, Oppenheimer Minimum target: 4,200- Dubravko Lakos-Bujas, JPMorgan Average target: 5,659 Median Target: 5,750

### Keywords: 
latest
targets
market
2024
streets
target
yearend
updated
survey
street
strategist
cnbc
stock
strategists
official
wall
outlook

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 4

Error parsing article 4: Article `download()` failed with HTTPSConnectionPool(host='www.cnbc.com', port=443): Read timed out. (read timeout=7) on URL http://www.cnbc.com/select/best-credit-card-sign-up-bonuses/


Parsing Article 4


### TITLE: 
The best credit cards for building credit of November 2024

### TEXT: 
Best for average credit

Capital One Platinum Credit Card Learn More Rewards None

Welcome bonus None

Annual fee $0

Intro APR None

Regular APR 29.99% variable

Balance transfer fee $0 at the Transfer APR, 4% of the amount of each transferred balance that posts to your account at a promotional APR that Capital One may offer to you

Foreign transaction fee None

Credit needed Fair/Good Terms apply. Pros No annual fee

No fee charged on purchases made outside the U.S.

Automatically considered for a higher credit line in as little as 6 months Cons High variable APR

No rewards program Learn More View More

Who's this for? If you have average credit and are looking to build up to a good or excellent credit score, it's a good idea to consider a credit card designed for average credit applicants, such as the Capital One Platinum Credit Card . Standout benefits : This card has travel benefits that can save you money and protect you against unexpected issues. These benefits include no foreign transaction fees, *Emergency Card Services, Mastercard ID Theft Protection™, and Fraud Coverage. Minimum deposit: N/A [ Jump to more details ]

Best for students

Discover it® Student Cash Back Learn More On Discover's secure site Rewards Earn 5% cash back on everyday purchases at different places you shop each quarter like grocery stores, restaurants, gas stations, and more, up to the quarterly maximum when you activate. Plus, earn unlimited 1% cash back on all other purchases.

Welcome bonus Discover will match all the cash back earned for all new cardmembers at the end of your first year

Annual fee $0

Intro APR 0% for 6 months on purchases

Regular APR 17.74% - 26.74% Variable

Balance transfer fee 3% intro balance transfer fee, up to 5% fee on future balance transfers (see terms)*

Foreign transaction fee None

Credit needed Fair / New to Credit

*See rates and fees, terms apply. Read our Discover it® Student Cash Back review. Pros Cash-back program

Generous welcome bonus Cons Cash-back categories must be activated each quarter

Cash-back program limits earnings: Enroll every quarter to earn 5% cash back in various categories on up to $1,500 in quarterly purchases, then 1%

You must be a U.S. citizen and college student to apply for this card Learn More View More

Who's this for? The Discover it® Student Cash Back is our top pick for students looking to build good credit while attending college. You must be over 18 and a U.S. citizen to apply. Standout benefits: This card provides a generous cash-back program and welcome bonus. It also has no foreign transaction fees, so you can study abroad or vacation outside the U.S. without worrying about paying the typical 3% fee other cards charge. In addition, there's a helpful 0% intro APR for the first six months on new purchases (after, 17.74% - 26.74% variable). Minimum deposit: N/A [ Jump to more details ]

Best secured card

Discover it® Secured Credit Card Learn More On Discover's secure site Rewards Earn 2% cash back at Gas Stations and Restaurants on up to $1,000 in combined purchases each quarter, automatically. Plus earn unlimited 1% cash back on all other purchases.

Welcome bonus Discover will match all the cash back you've earned at the end of your first year

Annual fee $0

Intro APR N/A on purchases

Regular APR 27.74% Variable

Balance transfer fee 3% intro balance transfer fee, up to 5% fee on future balance transfers (see terms)*

Foreign transaction fee None

Credit needed New / Rebuilding

*See rates and fees, terms apply. Read our Discover it® Secured Credit Card review. Pros Cash-back program

Generous welcome bonus

Starting at seven months from account opening, Discover will automatically review your credit card account to see if you can transition to an unsecured line of credit and return your deposit Cons Cash-back program limits earnings: 2% cash back at gas stations and restaurants on up to $1,000 in combined purchases each quarter, then 1%

Low credit line prevents cardholders from charging high-cost items or many expenses Learn More View More

Who's this for? The Discover it® Secured Credit Card is ideal for those looking for a secured card with many of the same perks as a standard card, such as a robust cash-back program, no annual fee and no foreign transaction fees. Standout benefits: You'll earn cash back on all everyday spending, including elevated returns for gas station and restaurant spending. Plus, starting seven months from account opening, Discover will automatically review your credit card account to see if you can transition to an unsecured line of credit and return your deposit. Minimum deposit: You must put down a minimum deposit of $200 to open a Discover it® Secured Credit Card, or as much as $2,500. Your credit limit is equal to your deposit. [ Jump to more details ]

Best low deposit

Capital One Platinum Secured Credit Card Learn More Rewards None

Welcome bonus No current offer

Annual fee $0

Intro APR N/A for purchases and balance transfers

Regular APR 29.99% variable

Balance transfer fee $0 at the Transfer APR, 4% of the amount of each transferred balance that posts to your account at a promotional APR that Capital One may offer to you

Foreign transaction fee None

Credit needed No credit history

Terms apply. Read our Capital One Platinum Secured Credit Card review. Pros No annual fee

$49, $99 or $200 refundable deposit

No fee charged on purchases made outside the U.S.

Flexibility to change your payment due date Cons High variable APR

No rewards program Learn More View More

Who's this for? If you're looking for a secured card, but can't afford the typical $200 deposit, look at the Capital One Platinum Secured Credit Card. Standout benefits: In addition to lower security deposits, Capital One will automatically consider you for a higher credit line in as little as six months with no additional deposit needed. Minimum deposit: This card has varying minimum security deposits starting as low as $49, $99 or $200 — based on your creditworthiness. If you qualify, you can access a $200 credit limit while only depositing $49 or $99. [ Jump to more details ]

Best for cash back

U.S. Bank Cash+® Visa® Secured Card Learn More Information about the U.S. Bank Cash+® Visa® Secured Card has been collected independently by Select and has not been reviewed or provided by the issuer of the card prior to publication. Rewards 5% cash back on your first $2,000 in combined eligible purchases each quarter in two categories you choose, 5% cash back On prepaid air, hotel and car reservations booked directly in the Rewards Travel Center, 2% cash back on eligible purchases in your choice of one everyday category (like gas stations, grocery stores and restaurants) and 1% cash back on all other eligible purchases

Welcome bonus None

Annual fee $0

Intro APR None

Regular APR 29.74% variable

Balance transfer fee Either 3% of the amount of each transfer or $5 minimum, whichever is greater.

Foreign transaction fees 3%

Credit needed Poor/None Pros No annual fee

You can earn cash-back for everyday spending, a rare feature for a secured credit card

Opportunity to upgrade to an unsecured card if you pay your bills on time and stay within your credit limit Cons No welcome offer

High APR

3% fee charged on purchases made outside the U.S. Learn More View More

Who's this for? If you want to build credit while earning cash back, consider the U.S. Bank Cash+® Visa® Secured Card. Standout benefits: The U.S. Bank Cash+ card offers up to 5% cash back on certain purchases. If you spend within your credit limit and pay your bill when it's due, over time, U.S. Bank could upgrade you to the U.S. Bank Cash+® Visa Signature® Card. Once you're upgraded, your security deposit will be returned. Minimum deposit: You must put down a deposit of between $300 and $5,000 which acts as your credit line. [ Jump to more details ]

Best for no fees

Petal® 2 "Cash Back, No Fees" Visa® Credit Card Learn More Rewards 1% cash back on eligible purchases right away and up to 1.5% cash back on eligible purchases after making 12 on-time monthly payments; 2% to 10% cash back at select merchants

Welcome bonus None

Annual fee $0

Intro APR None

Regular APR 27.99% - 31.49% variable

Balance transfer fee N/A

Foreign transaction fee None

Credit needed Fair, Good, No Credit Terms apply. Pros No credit history required (if you do have a credit history, that does factor into the credit decision)

No fees

Generous cash-back rewards of up to 1.5% cash back on eligible purchases after making 12 on-time monthly payments Cons No special financing offers

No welcome bonus Learn More View More

Who's this for? The Petal 2 "Cash Back, No Fees" Visa Credit Card is ideal if you're an applicant without credit history because it considers a range of other factors such as bank statements and earnings to determine eligibility. However, if you do have a credit history, that does factor into the credit decision. Standout benefits: The Petal 2 card charges zero fees*: no annual fee, no late payment fee and no foreign transaction fees. It also offers a rewards program with higher returns for those who pay their bills on time. Minimum deposit: N/A [ Jump to more details ]

Best for no SSN

Firstcard® Credit Builder Card with Cashback for College Students Learn More Rewards Up to 10% Random Cashback on all purchases; Up to 15% cash back at 29,000 partner merchants; Earn 1.25% APY on bank account balances (4.25% APY with a Firstcard+ membership); An additional 1% cash back on all purchases with a Firstcard+ membership

Welcome bonus None

Annual fee $0

Intro APR N/A

Regular APR N/A

Balance transfer fee N/A

Foreign transaction fee 1.5%; 0% for Firstcard+ subscribers

Credit needed N/A Terms apply. Firstcard users are eligible to apply for Firstcard's $10,000 Student Scholarship. The application deadline is September 30. Apply here. Pros No annual fee

No credit check or Social Security Number needed

Earn interest and cash back Cons To earn cash back on all purchases you need a paid membership Learn More View More

Best for travel rewards

U.S. Bank Altitude® Go Visa® Secured Card Learn More Information about the U.S. Bank Altitude® Go Visa® Secured Card has been collected independently by Select and has not been reviewed or provided by the issuer of the card prior to publication. Rewards 4X points per dollar spent on dining, 2X on streaming services, at grocery stores (discount stores/supercenters and wholesale clubs excluded) and at gas stations/EV charging stations (discount stores/supercenters, grocery stores and wholesale clubs excluded) and 1X points per dollar spent on all other eligible purchases; cardmembers are also eligible for a $15 credit for annual streaming service purchases

Welcome bonus None

Annual fee $0

Intro APR None

Regular APR 29.74% variable

Balance transfer fee Either 3% of the amount of each transfer or $5 minimum, whichever is greater.

Foreign transaction fees None

Credit needed Poor/None Pros No annual fee

You can earn travel rewards for everyday spending, a rare feature for a secured credit card

No fee charged on purchases made outside the U.S.

$15 credit for annual streaming service purchases Cons Requires a $300 to $5,000 deposit to open the card

No welcome offer

High APR Learn More View More

Who's this for? The U.S. Bank Altitude® Go Visa® Secured Card is one of the few travel-focused secured credit cards on the market. So if you want to earn travel rewards on your purchases while building your credit, this card may be a great fit for you. Standout benefits: This card offers generous bonus spending categories that even compete with some non-secured credit cards. You're also eligible for a $15 credit for annual streaming service purchases. In addition, it doesn't have foreign transaction fees, and you can choose the due date for your bill. Minimum deposit: You must put down a deposit of between $300 and $5,000 which acts as your credit line. If you spend within your credit limit and pay your bill when it's due, over time, U.S. Bank could upgrade you to the U.S. Bank Altitude® Go Visa Signature® Card. Once you're upgraded, your security deposit will be returned. [ Jump to more details ]

Best for small businesses

Bank of America Business Advantage Unlimited Cash Rewards Secured credit card Learn More Information about the Bank of America Business Advantage Unlimited Cash Rewards Secured card has been collected independently by Select and has not been reviewed or provided by the issuer of the card prior to publication. Rewards Earn unlimited 1.5% cash back on all purchases

Welcome bonus None

Annual fee $0

Intro APR None

Regular APR 28.49% variable

Balance transfer fee 4% of each transaction (minimum $0)

Foreign transaction fee 3%

Credit needed Poor/No credit history Terms apply. Pros No annual fee

Bad credit may qualify

Opportunity to transition to an unsecured card for qualified cardholders

Flexible redemption options Cons $1,000 minimum security deposit

No welcome bonus

No introductory 0% financing offers for purchases or balance transfers Learn More View More

Best for Chase customers

Chase Freedom Rise℠ Credit Card Rewards Earn unlimited 1.5% cash back on every purchase

Welcome bonus Earn a $25 statement credit after signing up for automatic payments within the first three months of opening your account.

Annual fee $0

Intro APR N/A

Regular APR 26.99% variable APR

Balance transfer fee 5% or $5 of each transfer, whichever is greater

Foreign transaction fee 3% of the amount of each transaction in U.S. dollars.

Credit needed New/Rebuilding Terms apply. Information about the Chase Freedom Rise℠ Credit Card has been collected independently by Select and has not been reviewed or provided by the issuer of the card prior to publication. Pros Low/no credit score requirement

Generous rewards for everyday purchases Cons Foreign transaction fee

Small welcome offer View More

More on our top credit cards for building credit

Capital One Platinum Credit Card

The Capital One Platinum Credit Card doesn't offer a rewards program, so you don't have the opportunity to earn cash back, points or miles from your everyday spending. But with no annual fee, it can be a good starter card if you want to eventually upgrade to another card in the Capital One family. Rewards None Welcome bonus None Annual fee $0 Notable perks The Capital One Platinum Credit Card charges no foreign transaction fees. This perk will save you the typical 3% fee many other cards charge on each purchase made outside the U.S. For example, the average American spends $2,154 a year on travel, and depending on how much of that is done abroad, you could potentially save up to $65 with the Platinum Credit Card from Capital One (and even more depending on your travel spending habits). This card also offers fraud coverage that provides $0 Fraud Liability for unauthorized charges, if your credit card is lost or stolen, you can get an emergency card replacement and a cash advance, subject to available credit and Mastercard ID Theft Protection™ that is available to help should you become the victim of Identity theft- all at no extra cost. [ Return to card summary ]

Discover it® Student Cash Back

Financial experts often stress the importance of building credit at a young age, and opening a credit card while you're a student is one of the easiest ways to establish credit. The Discover it® Student Cash Back stands out for being one of the more rewarding student credit cards on the market. Rewards 5% back for up to $1,500 in purchases in rotating quarterly bonus categories you activate (then 1%)

1% back on all other purchases Welcome bonus Discover will match the cash back you earn during the first year with no minimum spending requirement or cap on the match. Annual fee $0 Notable perks Outside of its cash-back earnings, the Discover it® Student Cash Back offers no annual fee and no foreign transaction fees, so you can study abroad or vacation outside the U.S. without worrying about paying the typical 3% fee other cards charge. There's also a 0% introductory APR for the first six months on new purchases, which is perfect for financing textbooks or dorm room essentials. After the intro period, there's a 17.74% - 26.74% variable APR. [ Return to card summary ]

Discover it® Secured Credit Card

The Discover it® Secured Credit Card gives you access to many of the perks and benefits available to people with higher credit scores. You must put down a minimum deposit of $200 to open a Discover it® Secured Credit Card, or as much as $2,500. Your credit limit is equal to your deposit. Rewards 2% back at gas stations and restaurants on up to $1,000 in combined purchases each quarter

1% back on all other purchases Welcome bonus Discover will match any cash back you earn during the first 12 billing cycles. So, if you have $100 cash back at the end of the first year, Discover will give you an additional $100. Annual fee $0 Notable perks You will enjoy a robust cash-back program, no annual fee and no foreign transaction fees. What makes this card stand out is the ease with which you can transition to an unsecured card. Starting seven months from account opening, Discover will automatically review your credit card account to see if you can transition to an unsecured line of credit and return your deposit. This takes the guesswork out of wondering when you can transition to an unsecured card. [ Return to card summary ]

Capital One Platinum Secured Credit Card

The Capital One Platinum Secured Credit Card stands out from other secured cards for offering lower minimum security deposits — either starting as low as $49, $99 or $200, depending on your creditworthiness. If you qualify, you can still access a $200 credit limit while only depositing $49 or $99. Rewards None Welcome bonus None Annual fee $0 Notable perks Capital One automatically considers you for a higher credit line in as little as six months with no additional deposit needed. This is a great incentive to practice responsible card management. Unfortunately, there is no rewards program or welcome bonus. [ Return to card summary ]

U.S. Bank Cash+® Visa® Secured Card

The U.S. Bank Cash+® Visa® Secured Card allows you to build credit while earning cash back. You must put down a deposit of between $300 and $5,000 which acts as your credit line. Rewards 5% back on your first $2,000 in combined eligible purchases each quarter in two categories you choose. Some categories include: TV, internet and streaming, home utilities, cell phone providers, fast food restaurants and movie theatres.

5% cash back on prepaid air, hotel and car reservations booked directly in the Rewards Travel Center

2% back on eligible purchases in your choice of one everyday category (like gas stations, grocery stores and restaurants)

1% back on all other eligible purchases Welcome bonus None Annual fee $0 Notable perks The cashback you earn can be redeemed in one of three ways: a statement credit to your account, direct deposit to your U.S. Bank checking, savings or money market account, or a U.S. Bank rewards card (similar to a Visa gift card). If you spend within your credit limit and pay your bill when it's due, over time, U.S. Bank could upgrade you to the U.S. Bank Cash+® Visa Signature® Card, but unlike some other cards on this list, there's no clear timeline. Once you're upgraded, your security deposit will be returned. [ Return to card summary ]

Petal® 2 "Cash Back, No Fees" Visa® Credit Card

The Petal 2 "Cash Back, No Fees" Visa Credit Card, issued by WebBank, is a unique card that takes a different approach to the credit card application process. Instead of judging your creditworthiness solely based on credit history, Petal may ask you to link bank accounts during the application process. Then, WebBank, analyzes your bank statements and other data, such as bill payments and earnings, to determine your eligibility. Rewards 1% cash back on eligible purchases right away, which can increase up to 1.5% cash back after you make 12 on-time monthly payments

2% to 10% cash back at select merchants Welcome bonus None Annual fee $0 Notable perks The Petal 2 Card charges no annual fee, no late payment fee and no foreign transaction fees. The ability to earn up to 1.5% cash back after making 12 on-time monthly payments is not only a nice perk but a great way to encourage responsible behavior. The card also stands out for consumers trying to build credit because there's no security deposit required. [ Return to card summary ]

Firstcard® Credit Builder Card with Cashback for College Students

The Firstcard® Credit Builder Card with Cashback for College Students is great for building credit because you can also earn interest and rewards at the same time. Rewards 5% cash back on 12 education platforms (Grammarly, ChatGPT, Adobe, Duolingo, Notion and more)

Up to 15% cash back at 29,000 partner merchants

Up to 10% Random cash back on eligible purchases

Earn 1.25% APY on bank account balances (4.25% APY for Firstcard+ members)

An additional 1% cash back on all purchases for Firstcard+ members Welcome bonus None Annual fee $0 ($4.99/mo or $48/year membership fee applies to Firstcard+ subscriptions) Notable perks Firstcard Credit Builder Card account balances are insured by the FDIC for up to $250,000. There are also no late fees and no overdraft fees. There is a 1.5% foreign transaction fee which is waived for Firstcard+ subscribers. [ Return to card summary ]

U.S. Bank Altitude® Go Visa® Secured Card

Bank of America Business Advantage Unlimited Cash Rewards Secured credit card

The Bank of America Business Advantage Unlimited Cash Rewards Secured credit card provides small businesses a path to building credit while earning rewards. Rewards 1.5% cash back on eligible purchases Welcome bonus None Annual fee $0 Notable perks This card requires a $1,000 minimum upfront deposit, but Bank of America will occasionally review the account and if your credit has improved you may be able to switch to an unsecured card. Perks include travel accident insurance, rental car insurance, lost luggage assistance and emergency ticket replacement. You can also monitor the progress you're making with your credit through the Bank of America Business Advantage 360 platform, which allows you to view your Dun & Bradstreet business credit score for free. [ Return to card summary ]

Chase Freedom Rise℠

With the Chase Freedom Rise℠, you can build credit and have a path to upgrading to more rewarding Chase credit cards in the future. Rewards 5% cash back on Lyft rides through March 31, 2025

1.5% cash back on eligible purchases Welcome bonus Earn a $25 statement credit after enrolling in automatic payments within the first three months of opening the account. Annual fee $0 Notable perks This card is a good credit-building option for Chase customers because it's easier to qualify for when you have at least $250 deposited into an existing Chase checking account or savings account. It has a solid list of insurance protections for a no-annual-fee credit-building card, including purchase protection, extended warranty protection and trip cancellation/interruption protection. It offers several straightforward redemption options for your rewards, such as travel, statement credits and gift cards. There's also a limited-time partner offer to enroll and receive three months of free DoorDash DashPass when activated by Dec. 31, 2024. Once the free months end, you'll automatically be enrolled in DashPass at 50% off for the following nine months. [ Return to card summary ]

Best credit cards for building credit Credit Card CNBC Select's pick for Credit needed Minimum security deposit Rewards Capital One Platinum Credit Card Average credit Average, fair, limited None None Discover it® Student Cash Back Students Fair or new to credit None Cash back Discover it® Secured Credit Card Secured card New to credit or rebuilding credit $200 Cash back Capital One Platinum Secured Credit Card Low deposit No credit history needed $49, $99 or $200 based on creditworthiness None Firstcard® Credit Builder Card with Cashback for College Students No SSN None None At least 1% cash back for Firstcard+ subscribers U.S. Bank Cash+® Visa® Secured Card Cash back Poor credit or no credit $300 Cash back Petal® 2 "Cash Back, No Fees" Visa® Credit Card No fees Fair, good or no credit None Cash back U.S. Bank Altitude® Go Visa® Secured Card Travel rewards Poor credit or no credit $300 Points Bank of America Business Advantage Unlimited Cash Rewards Secured credit card Businesses Poor credit or no credit history $1,000 Cash back Chase Freedom Rise℠ Chase customers New to credit or rebuilding credit None Cash back



How to choose a credit card for building credit

Deciding which credit-building card is best for you depends heavily on your situation and how you plan to use the card. Know what cards you're eligible for Your credit score goes a long way in determining what cards you can qualify for. If you're looking to boost your credit score from average to excellent to increase your approval odds for a home loan, an unsecured credit card could work for you. Credit cards for average credit may also have rewards and other benefits for you to take advantage of. If you're new to credit or recovering from bankruptcy, you may need to start with a secured credit card. Some credit cards offer pre-approval or pre-qualification, which doesn't guarantee you'll be approved for a card, but it can save you from applying for a card you're likely to be rejected for. In some situations, it may make sense to apply for a card issued by the bank where you have checking or savings accounts because that could boost your approval odds. Understand what matters when building credit By making on-time payments, credit cards allow you to slowly rebuild your credit score or fill out your credit report. When you keep your credit card balance low, or ideally, pay it off fully each month, this also helps boost your credit score. So building good financial habits is more important than finding the most rewarding credit card. When you want to use a credit card to establish your credit history, think of rewards as icing on the cake. Don't look for lucrative welcome bonuses or overspending to earn rewards on unlock benefits.

How to build credit with a credit card

There are different types of credit scoring models, such as FICO Score and VantageScore, but the most popular scores use the information on your credit report. They typically use the information from the three major credit reporting bureaus: Experian, TransUnion and Equifax. By opening a credit card, you're adding to your credit profile. However, how you use the credit card is what matters the most. Pay your monthly bill on time Your payment history is a huge part of your credit score. So it's important to pay your credit card bill on time and consistently. As these payments are documented in your credit report, your credit score is more likely to improve over time. Keep your balance low Your total debt also factors heavily into how your credit score is calculated. Having less debt and using a smaller percentage of your available credit (keeping a low credit utilization ratio) will have a positive impact on your credit score. This makes having a budget in place an important part of building credit. It can be easy to overspend with a credit card and if you find yourself in this situation, it could hurt your credit instead of help it.

Types of cards to look for if you want to build credit

Rewards and travel benefits shouldn't be the priority when building credit. Rather, you should use a credit-building card to establish responsible credit habits. Once you're in a situation where you can consistently pay off your credit cards in full and on time, then you're ready to consider credit cards with larger welcome bonuses and useful benefits. Secured credit cards Secured credit cards require an upfront deposit and your credit limit is based on that deposit. Secured credit cards like the Discover it® Secured Credit Card are less risky for card issuers and you can possibly qualify for secured cards with no credit history or if you have a weak credit score. Unsecured credit cards do not require a security deposit and have a credit limit based on your income, credit history and other factors. There are unsecured credit cards available to those with average or fair credit, but in general, if you have no credit or bad credit, an unsecured credit card will be your best option for moving your credit score forward. Student credit cards If you're interested in opening your first credit card, are over 18 years old and are enrolled in an eligible college, consider a student credit card like the Discover it® Student Cash Back. These cards are designed with students in mind and are often available even if you don't have a credit history. Many of these cards also don't require a security deposit and some even offer rewards.

What does it mean to build your credit?

Your credit score is based on the information in your credit report. To build your credit you need activity, like credit card and loan payments, to be reported to credit bureaus. Your credit score is generally based on factors such as payment history, the age of your accounts and total debt. When you open a credit card and pay the balance on time consistently, this improves your credit score and is a signal to creditors that you're a reliable borrower. However, having a credit card can work both ways. If you miss payments or are late paying, that harms your credit score. Also, if you pay on time, but accumulate debt that can hurt your credit score. Overall, the best way to build credit is to have a long history of positive activity (i.e. paying on time) with creditors such as banks and credit unions.

Tips for building credit

There's no set formula for building credit. Instead, your habits, over time, will move your credit score in one direction or another. However, there are a few tips that can help you get things headed in the right direction. Understand how credit scores work Knowing what goes into your credit score is key to building a healthy credit profile. While there are multiple types of credit scores, the most popular credit scoring models are largely based on factors such as: Payment history

Debt

Types of credit

Age of accounts Each factor is weighted differently, and your payment history and debt typically are more important. It's important to develop the habit of paying bills on time and creating a plan to stay out of debt or pay down your existing debt if you want to improve your credit score. Get added as an authorized user If your lack of credit history is preventing you from getting approved for a credit card or a car loan, it might make sense to get added as an authorized user on someone else's account. When you're added as an authorized user, the credit history of that account could be added to your credit report. This can be a double-edged sword, so it only makes sense to go this route with someone with a history of paying their credit cards on time and in full. Monitor your credit A credit monitoring service can help you maintain an error-free credit report by alerting you when anything changes on your credit report. There are free credit monitoring services that are useful, but if you want to cover all the credit bureaus you may want to opt for a more robust paid service. PrivacyGuard, named one of CNBC Select's best credit monitoring services, provides the ability to monitor all three major credit bureaus and offers identity protection.

PrivacyGuard® Learn More Cost $9.99 to $24.99 per month

Credit bureaus monitored Experian, Equifax and TransUnion

Credit scoring model used VantageScore

Dark web scan Yes, for Identity and Total Protection plans

Identity insurance Yes, up to $1 million for Identity and Total Protection plans Terms apply.

Use credit-building tools Some services can help your credit score by allowing you to include additional information on your credit report. Tools like *Experian Boost® and eCredable Lift® allow you to add payment history for accounts such as utilities, phone, internet and TV services. Experian Boost works with your Experian credit report and eCredable Lift works with TransUnion.

Experian Boost® Learn More Cost Free

Average credit score increase 13 points, though results vary

Credit report affected Experian®

Credit scoring model used FICO® Score Results will vary. See website for details. How to sign up for Experian Boost: Connect the bank account(s) you use to pay your bills Choose and verify the positive payment data you want added to your Experian credit file Receive an updated FICO® Score Learn more about eligible payments and how Experian Boost works.

FAQs Why is building credit important? Building a good credit score is necessary for many major financial moves, including taking out a mortgage, opening a credit card, getting car insurance and sometimes even landing your dream job. If you don't have a good or excellent credit score, you may not get approved for a certain financial product or may pay higher interest rates. What are the benefits of building credit? Building credit has many benefits because nearly every facet of your financial life is impacted by the strength of your credit score. Building a good credit score helps improve your approval odds for financial products, helps you qualify for lower interest rates and better terms and allows you to to benefit from robust credit card benefits. Can I get approved for a credit card with no credit history? It is possible to sign up for a credit card without having a credit history. It's generally easier to get approved for secured credit cards or starter credit cards, which are designed especially for those who are beginning to build their credit. How do I improve my credit score? The best way to improve your credit score is by consistently practicing responsible credit behavior, such as paying your bills on time every month and limiting your credit utilization ratio. Do authorized users build credit? Becoming an authorized user on someone else's credit card is a great way to build credit. So long as the primary cardholder has good (670 to 799) or excellent credit (800 to 850), it can be relatively low-risk and allows you to build or boost your credit score. However, there are also instances where being an authorized user can harm your credit score, such as if the primary account holder misses a payment.

Why trust CNBC Select?

At CNBC Select, our mission is to provide our readers with high-quality service journalism and comprehensive consumer advice so they can make informed decisions with their money. Every credit card review is based on rigorous reporting by our team of expert writers and editors with extensive knowledge of credit card products. While CNBC Select earns a commission from affiliate partners on many offers and links, we create all our content without input from our commercial team or any outside third parties, and we pride ourselves on our journalistic standards and ethics. See our methodology for more information on how we choose the best credit cards for building credit.

Subscribe to the CNBC Select Newsletter! Money matters — so make the most of it. Get expert tips, strategies, news and everything else you need to maximize your money, right to your inbox. Sign up here.

Our methodology

To determine which cards offer the best value for rebuilding credit CNBC Select analyzed over 250 major credit cards issued through FDIC-insured banks and NCUA-insured credit unions that are widely available in the U.S. We compared each card on a range of features, including rewards (e.g., cash back, points and miles), annual fees, welcome bonuses, introductory and standard APR and balance transfer fees and foreign transaction fees. We also considered additional perks (e.g., ongoing travel or merchant statement credits), cardholder protections (e.g., purchase protection, $0 liability protection and travel insurance), the application process when available (e.g., is there a credit pull or required credit score) and how easy it is to redeem points (e.g., are rewards are tied to a specific brand; if transferable, to how many/which partners, can you redeem for straight cash back).



We also considered CNBC Select audience data when available, such as general demographics and engagement with our content and tools. For the cards that offered a rewards program, we considered consumer spending data forecasts from location intelligence firm Esri to determine where U.S. consumers are spending the most money, like on dining and travel. We used this to help determine what bonus categories are most useful for consumers. Since the value of a point or mile varies based on what they can be redeemed for, we also considered things like transferability and the ability to redeem for cash-back. When choosing the best credit cards for rebuilding credit, we focused on cards that are available to consumers with lower credit scores or those with no credit history. While rewards and other benefits were also factored into our decisions, these were secondary considerations. Catch up on CNBC Select's in-depth coverage of credit cards, banking and money, and follow us on TikTok, Facebook, Instagram and Twitter to stay up to date.

Petal 2 Visa Credit Card issued by WebBank. For rates and fees of the Discover it® Student Cash Back, click here. For rates and fees of the Discover it® Secured Credit Card, click here. *For Capital One products listed on this page, some of the above benefits are provided by Visa® or Mastercard® and may vary by product. See the respective Guide to Benefits for details, as terms and exclusions apply. Information about the U.S. Bank Altitude® Go Visa Signature® Card has been collected independently by Select and has not been reviewed or provided by the issuer of the card prior to publication. *Results may vary. Some may not see improved scores or approval odds. Not all lenders use Experian credit files, and not all lenders use scores impacted by Experian Boost.

Editorial Note: Opinions, analyses, reviews or recommendations expressed in this article are those of the Select editorial staff’s alone, and have not been reviewed, approved or otherwise endorsed by any third party.

### DATE: 
2019-10-29

### Summary: 
Understand what matters when building credit By making on-time payments, credit cards allow you to slowly rebuild your credit score or fill out your credit report.
Secured credit cards Secured credit cards require an upfront deposit and your credit limit is based on that deposit.
Secured credit cards like the Discover it® Secured Credit Card are less risky for card issuers and you can possibly qualify for secured cards with no credit history or if you have a weak credit score.
It's generally easier to get approved for secured credit cards or starter credit cards, which are designed especially for those who are beginning to build their credit.
When choosing the best credit cards for rebuilding credit, we focused on cards that are available to consumers with lower credit scores or those with no credit history.

### Keywords: 
card
best
fee
purchases
2024
secured
cards
score
building
deposit
credit
cash
rewards

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 5


### TITLE: 
Here are the best loans for refinancing credit card debt

### TEXT: 
Compare offers to find the best loan

This tool is provided and powered by Engine by Moneylion, a search and comparison engine that matches you with third-party lenders. Any information you provide is given directly to Engine by Moneylion and it may use this information in accordance with its own privacy policies and terms of service. By submitting your information, you agree to receive emails from Engine by Moneylion. Select does not control and is not responsible for third party policies or practices, nor does Select have access to any data you provide. Select may receive an affiliate commission from partner offers in the Engine by Moneylion tool. The commission does not influence the selection in order of offers.

Best for low rates and fees

SoFi Personal Loans Learn More Annual Percentage Rate (APR) 8.99% - 29.49% when you sign up for autopay

Loan purpose Debt consolidation/refinancing, home improvement, relocation assistance or medical expenses

Loan amounts $5,000 to $100,000

Terms 24 to 84 months

Credit needed Good to excellent

Origination fee No fees required

Early payoff penalty None

Late fee None Terms apply. Pros No origination fees required, no early payoff fees, no late fees

Unemployment protection if you lose your job

DACA recipients can apply with a creditworthy co-borrower who is a U.S. citizen/permanent resident by calling 877-936-2269

Can have more than one SoFi loan at a time (state-permitting)

May accept offer of employment (to start within the next 90 days) as proof of income

Co-applicants may apply Cons Applicants who are U.S. visa holders must have more than two years remaining on visa to be eligible

No co-signers allowed (co-applicants only) Fixed rates from 8.99% APR to 29.49% APR reflect the 0.25% autopay interest rate discount and a 0.25% direct deposit interest rate discount. SoFi rate ranges are current as of 02/06/2024 and are subject to change without notice. The average of SoFi Personal Loans funded in 2022 was around $30K. Not all applicants qualify for the lowest rate. Lowest rates reserved for the most creditworthy borrowers. Your actual rate will be within the range of rates listed and will depend on the term you select, evaluation of your creditworthiness, income, and a variety of other factors. Learn More View More

Best for good to excellent credit

LightStream Personal Loans Learn More Annual Percentage Rate (APR) 6.94% - 25.29%* APR with AutoPay

Loan purpose Debt consolidation, home improvement, auto financing, medical expenses, and others

Loan amounts $5,000 to $100,000

Terms 24 to 240 months* dependent on loan purpose

Credit needed Good

Origination fee None

Early payoff penalty None

Late fee None Terms apply. *AutoPay discount is only available prior to loan funding. Rates without AutoPay are 0.50% points higher. Excellent credit required for lowest rate. Rates vary by loan purpose. Pros Same-day funding available through ACH or wire transfer (conditions apply)

Loan amounts up to $100,000

No origination fees, no early payoff fees, no late fees

LightStream plants a tree for every loan Cons Requires several years of credit history

No option to pay your creditors directly

Not available for student loans or business loans

No option for pre-approval on website (but pre-qualification is available on some third-party lending platforms) Learn More View More

Best for fair/average credit

Upstart Personal Loans Learn More Annual Percentage Rate (APR) 7.8% - 35.99%

Loan purpose Debt consolidation, credit card refinancing, wedding, moving or medical

Loan amounts $1,000 to $50,000

Terms 36 and 60 months

Credit needed Credit score of 300 on at least one credit report (but will accept applicants whose credit history is so insufficient they don't have a credit score)

Origination fee 0% to 12% of the target amount

Early payoff penalty None

Late fee The greater of 5% of last amount due or $15, whichever is greater Terms apply. Pros Open to borrowers with fair credit (minimum 300 score)

Will accept applicants who have insufficient credit history and don't have a credit score

No early payoff fees

99% of personal loan funds are sent the next business day after completing required paperwork before 5 p.m. Monday through Friday Cons High late fees

Origination fee of 0% to 10% of the target amount (automatically withheld from the loan before it's delivered to you)

$10 fee to request paper copies of loan agreement (no fee for eSigned virtual copies)

Must have a Social Security number Learn More View More

Best for perks

Happy Money Learn More Annual Percentage Rate (APR) 11.72% - 17.99%

Loan purpose Debt consolidation/refinancing

Loan amounts $5,000 to $40,000

Terms 24 to 60 months

Credit needed Fair/average, good

Origination fee 1.5% to 5.5% (based on credit score and application)

Early payoff penalty None

Late fee None Terms apply. Pros Peer-to-peer lending platform makes it easy to check multiple offers

Loan approval comes with Happy Money membership and customer support

No early payoff fees

No late fees

Fast and easy application

U.S.-based customer service Cons Higher loan minimums ($5,000)

Must submit soft inquiry to see origination fees and other details How Payoff is designed to help you stay motivated: Offers borrowers a dedicated "Empowerment Science" team that is available to take questions and provide encouragement

Free personality tests, stress assessments and cash flow trackers to help borrowers understand their money management style and nail down better habits

Free FICO tools help members track their progress* *Based on a study of Happy Money Members between February 2020 to August 2020, members who use a Happy Money Loan to eliminate at least $5,000 of credit card balances reportedly see an average FICO Score boost of 40 points. (Results may vary and are not guaranteed.) Learn More View More

Best for next-day funding

Discover Personal Loans Learn More Annual Percentage Rate (APR) 7.99% to 24.99%

Loan purpose Debt consolidation, home improvement, wedding or vacation

Loan amounts $2,500 to $40,000

Terms 36, 48, 60, 72 and 84 months

Credit needed Good

Origination fee None

Early payoff penalty None

Late fee $39 Terms apply. Pros No origination fees, no early payoff fees

Same-day decision (in most cases)

Option to pay creditors directly

7 different payment options from mailing a check to pay by phone or app Cons Late fee of $39

No autopay discount

No cosigners or joint applications Learn More View More

Personal loan FAQs

What are the benefits of refinancing debt?

If you carry a balance on a credit card (or multiple cards) with a high APR, you might want to consider debt refinancing. Simply put, you take out a new loan to pay off old debt, then pay back the new debt according to agreed-upon terms. It makes sense to refinance if you can't afford your current bill payments and need to find a lower monthly plan, or if your credit score is good enough to qualify you for a lower APR, which makes paying off the debt cheaper. For example, say you have a $10,000 balance on your credit card that charges interest at a rate of 24.99% APR. Assuming you can afford to make $400 monthly payments, it would take about three years to pay your balance off entirely. You'll also pay about $4,000 in interest, according to Experian's debt payoff calculator. On the other hand, transferring that debt to a personal loan with a 9% APR, can save you more than $3,000. Experian's calculator estimates with the same monthly payment ($400) and the lower APR, you can pay off the balance in 22 months and only pay $875 in interest charges overall. When you apply for a personal loan, you should consider the APR and the loan's term, or the length of time it will take you to pay it off. Make sure the monthly loan repayment amount fits into your budget, so you're able to comfortably pay off the loan and get your debt under control.

Can debt refinancing hurt your credit score?

At its best, debt refinancing can boost your credit score by making your monthly payments more affordable and motivating you to pay off your balances. But they aren't entirely risk-free. Personal loan applications require a credit check, so you'll want to make sure you know your credit score before you apply. There's no direct penalty for getting denied a loan, but having too many applications on your credit record could be a red flag to future lenders. For debt refinancing to work, you have to "plan your work and work your plan," so to speak. It helps to be honest about your money habits and the overall state of your personal finances before taking on any loan. Personal loans deliver cash directly to your bank account, making it easy to stay in debt if you're not careful. If you have concerns, opt for a loan that pays your creditors directly so that there's no opportunity for you to overspend. And before you agree to a new loan, make sure you have room in your budget to pay it back on time and in full according to the terms. A late payment on your personal loan can hurt your credit score just like if you miss a credit card bill.

What is a good interest rate on a personal loan?

Most personal loans come with fixed-rate APRs, so your monthly payment stays the same for the loan's lifetime. In a few cases, you can take out a variable-rate personal loan. If you go that route, make sure you're comfortable with your monthly payments changing if rates go up or down. Personal loan APRs average 9.65%, according to the Fed's most recent data. Meanwhile, the average credit card interest rate is around 16.28%. When considering whether to invest or pay off debt, consider that the average rate of return in the stock market tends to be above 5% when adjusted for inflation. So if you can find a personal loan with interest rates would be below 5%, you can slowly pay off your debt while also investing because you know your investments could still earn more than you're paying in interest. However, it's not always easy to qualify for personal loans with interest rates lower than 5% APR. Your interest rate will be decided based on your credit score, credit history and income, as well as other factors like the loan's size and term. See if you're pre-approved for a personal loan offer.

How do personal loans work?

Once you're approved for a personal loan, the cash is usually delivered directly to your checking account. However, if you opt for a debt consolidation/refinancing loan, you can sometimes have your lender pay your credit card accounts directly. Any extra cash leftover will be deposited into your bank account or returned to the lender. Most loan terms range anywhere from six months to seven years. The longer the term, the lower your monthly payments will be, but they usually also have higher interest rates. It's best to elect for the shortest term you can afford. When deciding on a loan term, consider how much you will end up paying in interest overall. Your monthly loan bill will include your installment payment plus interest charges. If you think you may want to pay off the loan earlier than planned, be sure to check if the lender charges an early payoff or prepayment penalty. Sometimes lenders charge a fee if you make extra payments to pay your debt down quicker, since they are losing out on that prospective interest. The fee could be a flat rate, a percentage of your loan amount or the rest of the interest you would have owed them. Once you receive the money from your loan, you have to pay back the lender in monthly installments, usually starting within 30 days. When your personal loan is paid off, the credit line is closed and you no longer have access to it.

How is my personal loan rate decided?

As you shop for a low-interest loan or credit card, remember that banks are looking for reliable borrowers who make timely payments. Financial institutions will look at your credit score, income, payment history and, in some cases, cash reserves when deciding what APR to give you. To get approved for any kind of credit product (credit card, loan, mortgage, etc.), you'll first submit an application and agree to let the lender pull your credit report. This helps lenders understand how much debt you owe, what your current monthly payments are and how much additional debt you have the capacity to take on. Once you submit your application, you may be approved for a variety of loan options. Each will have a different length of time to pay the loan back (your term) and a different interest rate. Your interest rate will be decided based on your credit score, credit history and income, as well as other factors like the loan's size and term. Generally, loans with longer terms have higher interest rates than loans you bay back over a shorter period of time.

Our methodology

To determine which personal loans are the best for refinancing debt, CNBC Select analyzed dozens of U.S. personal loans offered by both online and brick-and-mortar banks, including large credit unions. When possible we chose loans with no origination or sign-up fees, but we also included options for borrowers with lower credit scores on this list. Some of those options have origination fees. When narrowing down and ranking the best personal loans, we focused on the following features: Fixed-rate APR: Variable rates can go up and down over the lifetime of your loan. With a fixed rate APR, you lock in an interest rate for the duration of the loan's term, which means your monthly payment won't vary, making your budget easier to plan.

Variable rates can go up and down over the lifetime of your loan. With a fixed rate APR, you lock in an interest rate for the duration of the loan's term, which means your monthly payment won't vary, making your budget easier to plan. Flexible minimum and maximum loan amounts/terms: Each lender provides more than one financing option that you can customize based on your monthly budget and how long you need to pay back your loan.

Each lender provides more than one financing option that you can customize based on your monthly budget and how long you need to pay back your loan. No early payoff penalties: The lenders on our list do not charge borrowers for paying off loans early.

The lenders on our list do not charge borrowers for paying off loans early. Streamlined application process: We considered whether lenders offered same-day approval decisions and a fast online application process.

We considered whether lenders offered same-day approval decisions and a fast online application process. Customer support: Every loan on our list provides customer service available via telephone, email or secure online messaging. We also opted for lenders with an online resource hub or advice center to help you educate yourself about the personal loan process and your finances.

Every loan on our list provides customer service available via telephone, email or secure online messaging. We also opted for lenders with an online resource hub or advice center to help you educate yourself about the personal loan process and your finances. Fund disbursement: The loans on our list deliver funds promptly through either electronic wire transfer to your checking account or in the form of a paper check. Some lenders (which we noted) offer the ability to pay your creditors directly.

The loans on our list deliver funds promptly through either electronic wire transfer to your checking account or in the form of a paper check. Some lenders (which we noted) offer the ability to pay your creditors directly. Autopay discounts: We noted the lenders that reward you for enrolling in autopay by lowering your APR by 0.25% to 0.5%.

We noted the lenders that reward you for enrolling in autopay by lowering your APR by 0.25% to 0.5%. Creditor payment limits and loan sizes: The above lenders provide loans in an array of sizes, from $1,000 to $100,000. Each lender advertises its respective payment limits and loan sizes, and completing a preapproval process can give you an idea of what your interest rate and monthly payment would be for such an amount. Note that the rates and fee structures advertised for personal loans are subject to fluctuate in accordance with the Fed rate. However, once you accept your loan agreement, a fixed-rate APR will guarantee interest rate and monthly payment will remain consistent throughout the entire term of the loan. Your APR, monthly payment and loan amount depend on your credit history and creditworthiness. To take out a loan, lenders will conduct a hard credit inquiry and request a full application, which could require proof of income, identity verification, proof of address and more. *Your LightStream loan terms, including APR, may differ based on loan purpose, amount, term length, and your credit profile. Excellent credit is required to qualify for lowest rates. Rate is quoted with AutoPay discount. AutoPay discount is only available prior to loan funding. Rates without AutoPay are 0.50% points higher. Subject to credit approval. Conditions and limitations apply. Advertised rates and terms are subject to change without notice. Payment example: Monthly payments for a $10,000 loan at 7.99% APR with a term of three years would result in 36 monthly payments of $313.32.

Editorial Note: Opinions, analyses, reviews or recommendations expressed in this article are those of the Select editorial staff’s alone, and have not been reviewed, approved or otherwise endorsed by any third party.

### DATE: 
2021-01-14

### Summary: 
Personal loan applications require a credit check, so you'll want to make sure you know your credit score before you apply.
Personal loans deliver cash directly to your bank account, making it easy to stay in debt if you're not careful.
A late payment on your personal loan can hurt your credit score just like if you miss a credit card bill.
Most personal loans come with fixed-rate APRs, so your monthly payment stays the same for the loan's lifetime.
Our methodologyTo determine which personal loans are the best for refinancing debt, CNBC Select analyzed dozens of U.S. personal loans offered by both online and brick-and-mortar banks, including large credit unions.

### Keywords: 
card
best
loans
pay
credit
interest
debt
monthly
refinancing
loan
rate
apr
personal

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 6


### TITLE: 
9 best same-day personal loans of 2024

### TEXT: 
Compare offers to find the right loan

This tool is provided and powered by Engine by Moneylion, a search and comparison engine that matches you with third-party lenders. Any information you provide is given directly to Engine by Moneylion and it may use this information in accordance with its own privacy policies and terms of service. By submitting your information, you agree to receive emails from Engine by Moneylion. Select does not control and is not responsible for third party policies or practices, nor does Select have access to any data you provide. Select may receive an affiliate commission from partner offers in the Engine by Moneylion tool. The commission does not influence the selection in order of offers.

Personal Loans That Offer Same-Day Funding LightStream SoFi PenFed Avant OneMain Financial Prosper Citi Rocket Loans Upstart APR 6.99% - 25.49% 8.99% - 29.49% 8.99% to 17.99% 9.95% to 35.99% 18.00% to 35.99% 8.99% to 35.99% 11.49% - 20.49% APR 8.99% to 29.99% 7.8% - 35.99% Term lengths 24 to 240 months 24 to 84 months 12 to 60 months 24 to 60 months 24 - 60 months 24 - 60 months Up to 60 months 36 or 60 months 36 and 60 months Credit needed Good Good to excellent Good/Excellent Poor/Fair Poor/Fair 640+ Not disclosed Not disclosed 300



Best for no origination fee

LightStream Personal Loans Learn More Annual Percentage Rate (APR) 6.94% - 25.29%* APR with AutoPay

Loan purpose Debt consolidation, home improvement, auto financing, medical expenses, and others

Loan amounts $5,000 to $100,000

Terms 24 to 240 months* dependent on loan purpose

Credit needed Good

Origination fee None

Early payoff penalty None

Late fee None Terms apply. *AutoPay discount is only available prior to loan funding. Rates without AutoPay are 0.50% points higher. Excellent credit required for lowest rate. Rates vary by loan purpose. Pros Same-day funding available through ACH or wire transfer (conditions apply)

Loan amounts up to $100,000

No origination fees, no early payoff fees, no late fees

LightStream plants a tree for every loan Cons Requires several years of credit history

No option to pay your creditors directly

Not available for student loans or business loans

No option for pre-approval on website (but pre-qualification is available on some third-party lending platforms) Learn More View More

Who's this for? LightStream doesn't charge any origination fees, late fees or early payoff fees, making it a more affordable loan option. Standout benefits: With LightStream, you can generally receive your funds on the same day if you apply on a banking business day, your application is approved and you electronically sign your loan agreement and verify your direct deposit banking account information by 2:30 p.m. ET. If you can't make this deadline, you should be able to receive your funds the next business day. [ Jump to more details ]

Best for borrowing higher amounts

SoFi Personal Loans Learn More Annual Percentage Rate (APR) 8.99% - 29.49% when you sign up for autopay

Loan purpose Debt consolidation/refinancing, home improvement, relocation assistance or medical expenses

Loan amounts $5,000 to $100,000

Terms 24 to 84 months

Credit needed Good to excellent

Origination fee No fees required

Early payoff penalty None

Late fee None Terms apply. Pros No origination fees required, no early payoff fees, no late fees

Unemployment protection if you lose your job

DACA recipients can apply with a creditworthy co-borrower who is a U.S. citizen/permanent resident by calling 877-936-2269

Can have more than one SoFi loan at a time (state-permitting)

May accept offer of employment (to start within the next 90 days) as proof of income

Co-applicants may apply Cons Applicants who are U.S. visa holders must have more than two years remaining on visa to be eligible

No co-signers allowed (co-applicants only) Fixed rates from 8.99% APR to 29.49% APR reflect the 0.25% autopay interest rate discount and a 0.25% direct deposit interest rate discount. SoFi rate ranges are current as of 02/06/2024 and are subject to change without notice. The average of SoFi Personal Loans funded in 2022 was around $30K. Not all applicants qualify for the lowest rate. Lowest rates reserved for the most creditworthy borrowers. Your actual rate will be within the range of rates listed and will depend on the term you select, evaluation of your creditworthiness, income, and a variety of other factors. Learn More View More

Who's this for? SoFi lets borrowers apply for as much as $100,000, making it an ideal lender to help you cover the biggest of expenses. Standout benefits: SoFi, generally disburses personal funds quickly — 82% of personal loan applicants receive same-day funding if they sign their agreement before 7 p.m. ET on a business day. Otherwise, you'll receive your money the next day. [ Jump to more details ]

Best for smaller loans

PenFed Personal Loans Learn More Annual Percentage Rate (APR) 8.99% to 17.99% APR

Loan purpose Debt consolidation, home improvement, medical expenses, auto financing and more

Loan amounts $600 to $50,000

Terms 1 to 5 years

Credit needed Good/Excellent

Origination fee None

Early payoff penalty None

Late fee $29 Terms apply. Pros Credit union membership available to anyone

Loans as low as $600

Can pick up a physical at a branch

May apply with a co-borrower Cons Funds come as a physical check

Must be a member to get funds (no membership needed to apply)

Must pay for expedited shipping to get your funds next day

Maximum loan amount of $50,000

Late fee of $29 Learn More View More

Who's this for? If you just need a small loan, PenFed lets you apply for as little as $600 in funding. That's one of the smallest loan offerings on the market, making PenFed a reputable solution for when you just need a little cash. Standout benefits: PenFed is a federal credit union that anyone can become a member of. Personal loans can disbursed electronically or via a physical check. If you live near a PenFed location, you can pick up your check at any time directly from the branch. Otherwise, you can receive your funds as early as the next day if you pay for expedited shipping. [ Jump to more details ]

Best for a lower credit score

Avant Personal Loans Learn More Annual Percentage Rate (APR) 9.95% to 35.99%

Loan purpose Debt consolidation, major expenses, emergency costs, home improvements

Loan amounts $2,000 to $35,000

Terms 24 to 60 months

Credit needed Poor/Fair

Origination fee Administration fee up to 9.99%

Early payoff penalty None

Late fee Up to $25 per late payment after 10-day grace period Click here to see if you prequalify for a personal loan offer. Terms apply. Pros Lends to applicants with scores lower credit scores

No early payoff fees

Can pre-qualify with a soft credit check (no hard inquiry)

Quick funding (often by the next day)

Late payment grace period of 10 days Cons Origination fee

Potentially high interest (caps at 35.99% APR)

No autopay APR discount

No direct payments to creditors (for debt consolidation)

No co-signers Learn More View More

Who's this for? Avant is a great solution for borrowers with lower credit scores. According to Avant's website, you may qualify for an Avant personal loan even with a credit score as low as 580, though, most of their applicants have credit scores in the 600–700 range. Standout benefits: Avant considers applicants with lower credit scores and can typically provide funding as soon as the next business day after you've been approved. [ Jump to more details ]

Best for flexible terms

OneMain Financial Personal Loans Learn More Annual Percentage Rate (APR) 18.00% to 35.99%

Loan purpose Debt consolidation, major expenses, emergency costs

Loan amounts $1,500 to $20,000

Terms 24 - 60 Months

Credit needed Poor/Fair

Origination fee Origination fee starting at $25 to $500 or percentage ranging from 1% to 10% (depends on your state)

Early payoff penalty None

Late fee Up to $30 per late payment or up to 15% (depends on your state) Terms apply.* Click here to see if you prequalify for a personal loan offer. Pros Approves applicants with bad or fair credit

No early payoff fees

Reasonable loan minimums ($1,500) for smaller needs

Can pre-qualify with a soft credit check (no hard inquiry right away)

ACH funding within 1-2 business days (sometimes same day with proper paperwork)

Option to apply for secured loan (with collateral) for potentially lower rates

Borrowers can choose the date the bill is due each month

Applicants may apply with a co-applicant or, if married, may apply for a loan separately from spouse Cons High origination fee

High interest rates

No autopay APR discount

No co-signers *You must complete a loan application and continue to meet any criteria used to select you for a loan offer. Not all applicants are approved. Loan approval and actual loan terms depend on applicant's state of residence and ability to meet OneMain Financial credit standards such as a responsible credit history, sufficient income after monthly expenses, and if applicable, availability of eligible collateral. Not all approved applicants qualify for larger loan amounts, lower APRs, or the most favorable loan terms. For example, larger loan amounts typically require a first lien on a motor vehicle that is no more than ten years old, meets our value requirements, and is titled in applicant's name with valid insurance. APRs are generally higher on loans not secured by a vehicle. Example Loan: A $6,000 loan with a 24.99% APR that is repayable in 60 monthly installments would have monthly payments of $176.07. OneMain charges origination fees allowed by law. Depending on the state where the loan is opened, the origination fee may be either a flat amount or a percentage of the loan amount. Flat fees vary by state, ranging from $25 to $500. Percentage-based fees vary by state, ranging from 1% to 10% of the loan amount subject to certain state limits on the fee amount. For information about these fees and minimum and maximum loan sizes available in certain states, visit omf.com/loanfees. Current OneMain Customers: Loan offers presented to a consumer assume the individual has no active loan with OneMain or one of its affiliates. If a customer applies for a new loan offer, a OneMain representative will discuss available options. Active-duty military, their spouse or dependents covered by the Military Lending Act (MLA) may not pledge any vehicle as collateral. If you are covered by the MLA, you are not eligible for secured loans.Loan proceeds cannot be used for postsecondary educational expenses as defined by the CFPB's Regulation Z such as college, university or vocational expense; for any business or commercial purpose; to purchase cryptocurrency assets, securities, derivatives or other speculative investments; or for gambling or illegal purposes.



Time to Fund Loans: Funding within one hour after loan closing through SpeedFunds® must be disbursed to a bank-issued debit card. Disbursement by check or ACH may take up to 1-2 business days after closing. Learn More View More

Who's this for? OneMain Financial offers both secured and unsecured loan options, making it a fairly flexible lender for those who need additional options to qualify for better terms. Standout benefits: According to OneMain Financial, it generally takes less than 10 minutes to complete your loan application and receive your decision (but that may, of course, vary depending on how many documents you'll need to provide). Once you sign the loan agreement, you'll receive your funds as early as the next day. [ Jump to more details ]

Best for co-borrowers

Prosper Personal Loans Learn More Annual Percentage Rate (APR) 8.99% to 35.99%

Loan purpose Debt consolidation/refinancing, home improvement, auto/motor, medical or dental, big purchase and more

Loan amounts $2,000 to $50,000

Terms 24, 36, 48, and 60 months

Credit needed 640+

Origination fee 1%-9.99%, deducted from loan proceeds

Early payoff penalty None

Late fee 5% of monthly payment amount or $15, whichever is greater (with 15-day grace period) Terms apply. Pros Co-borrowers are permitted

Repeat borrowers may qualify for APR discounts

Option to change your payment date according to when works best for you

Wide range of loan amounts

No prepayment penalty Cons High late fees

Origination fee of 1% to 9.99%, deducted from loan proceeds Learn More View More

Who's this for? Prosper allows co-borrowers to submit a joint personal loan application, with the possibility of next-day funding. Standout benefits: Potential applicants can check their rate online without hurting their credit score. This makes it easier for you to shop around for the best rate and terms before submitting an application and committing to a lender. [ Jump to more details ]

Best for existing customers

Citi® Personal Loan Learn More Annual Percentage Rate (APR) 11.49% - 20.49% APR (0.5% APR discount when you sign up for autopay)

Loan purpose Debt consolidation, home improvement, relocation and more

Loan amounts $2,000 to $30,000

Terms Up to 60 months

Credit needed Not disclosed

Origination fee None

Early payoff penalty None

Late fee None Terms apply. Pros No origination fee, early payoff fee or late fee

Fixed rate APR

Generous 0.5% interest rate reduction for enrolling in autopay

Can receive your funds as soon as the same business day if you have a Citi deposit account Cons Co-applicants are not allowed Learn More View More

Who's this for? Citi allows existing deposit account holders to receive their personal funds as quickly as the same business day. Borrowers who don't have a Citi deposit account can receive their funds in up to two business days. Standout benefits: This lender also offers a 0.50% rate reduction for enrolling in autopay, which is very generous considering most other lenders only offer a 0.25% interest rate discount. [ Jump to more details ]

Best for no prepayment penalty

Rocket Loans Learn More Annual Percentage Rate (APR) 8.99% to 29.99% *rate without autopay discount

Loan purpose Multi-purpose

Loan amounts $2,000 to $45,000

Terms 36 or 60 months

Credit needed Not disclosed

Origination fee Up to 9%

Early payoff penalty None

Late fee $15 per payment cycle Terms apply. Pros No early payoff fee

Offers autopay discount

Can receive your funds as soon as the same business day Cons Charges a late fee

Origination fee is quite high Learn More View More

Who's this for? Prepayment penalties occur when you pay off your loan early and the lender adds a fee to recover any interest they've missed out on because you paid the loan back early. However, Rocket Loans doesn't charge a prepayment penalty. So you can make additional payments and pay off the loan sooner rather than later without being penalized. Standout benefits: Rocket Loans also offers a discount for making automatic payments. [ Jump to more details ]

Best for no credit history

Upstart Personal Loans Learn More Annual Percentage Rate (APR) 7.8% - 35.99%

Loan purpose Debt consolidation, credit card refinancing, wedding, moving or medical

Loan amounts $1,000 to $50,000

Terms 36 and 60 months

Credit needed Credit score of 300 on at least one credit report (but will accept applicants whose credit history is so insufficient they don't have a credit score)

Origination fee 0% to 12% of the target amount

Early payoff penalty None

Late fee The greater of 5% of last amount due or $15, whichever is greater Terms apply. Pros Open to borrowers with fair credit (minimum 300 score)

Will accept applicants who have insufficient credit history and don't have a credit score

No early payoff fees

99% of personal loan funds are sent the next business day after completing required paperwork before 5 p.m. Monday through Friday Cons High late fees

Origination fee of 0% to 10% of the target amount (automatically withheld from the loan before it's delivered to you)

$10 fee to request paper copies of loan agreement (no fee for eSigned virtual copies)

Must have a Social Security number Learn More View More

Who's this for? Upstart considers lenders with low credit scores or with insufficient credit history. This makes it a more accessible loan option if you're worried that you haven't been exposed to credit long enough to develop a robust financial track record in order to apply for loans and credit. Standout benefits: According to Upstart's website, potential borrowers can receive a lending decision just by submitting an application — no financial documentation required. However, they must still pass a hard inquiry in order to receive final approval. [ Jump to more details ]

More on our picks for best personal lenders for funding in as little as one business day

LightStream

LightStream offers low-interest loans with flexible terms for people with good credit or higher. This lender provides personal loans for just about every purpose except for higher education and small businesses. Another pro to using this lender is that LightStream doesn't charge any origination, administration or early payoff fees. Eligible borrowers Good to excellent credit needed Loan amounts $5,000 to $100,000 Loan terms 24 to 144 months [ Return to account summary ]

SoFi

SoFi Personal Loans are available from $5,000 to as much as $100,000, which makes them a great option for those who need more money to cover bigger expenses. Plus, SoFi personal loans do not require origination fees. SoFi offers a 0.25% interest rate reduction for signing up for autopay. There's also some more flexibility when it comes to choosing the type of interest rate you receive. Loan applicants can choose between variable and fixed APR. Fixed APRs give you one rate that you pay for the entirety of your loan, and variable interest rates fluctuate, but SoFi caps them at 29.99%. Eligible borrowers Must reside in a state where SoFi is authorized to lend and must be employed, have sufficient income from other sources, or have an offer of employment to start within the next 90 days. Loan amounts $5,000 to $100,000 Loan terms 24 to 84 months [ Return to account summary ]

PenFed

PenFed is a federal credit union that provides many personal loan options for debt consolidation, home improvement, medical expenses, auto financing and more. You don't need to be a member to apply, but you will need to sign up for a PenFed membership and keep $5 in a qualifying savings account to receive your funds. It offers personal loans as small as $600 which makes it a great option for those who don't need higher amounts of financing. Eligible borrowers While it's not required to be a PenFed member to apply, a membership will be created for you if you decide to accept the loan. Loan amounts $600 to $50,000 Loan terms 1 to 5 years [ Return to account summary ]

Avant

Avant stands out for considering applicants with credit scores under 600, but keep in mind that the higher your credit score, the more likely you are to receive the lowest rates. Before you decide to apply for this loan, you can see if you pre-qualify for a rate that's on the lower end of the APR range. While there are no penalties for early payoff, there is an origination fee of up to 4.75% and a late fee of up to $25 after the 10-day grace period. Eligible borrowers Applicants must have a personal checking or savings account on file Loan amounts $2,000 to $35,000 Loan terms 24 to 60 months [ Return to account summary ]

OneMain Financial

OneMain Financial offers personal loan options that are a little more flexible compared to other lenders. Repayment terms run between 24 months and 60 months and OneMain Financial also allows borrowers the option to secure the loan with collateral to potentially receive an interest rate on the lower end of the lender's range. Plus, borrowers can choose the date their monthly payments are due and have the option to apply with a co-applicant. OneMain Financial has an origination fee that's on the higher end: either a fixed fee between $25 and $500 or up to 10% of the loan amount, depending on which state you live in. While there aren't any penalties for paying off the loan early, there is a late fee that will run you $30 or up to 15% (depending on your state). Eligible borrowers Applicants must submit proof of income and proof of residence to be considered Loan amounts $1,500 to $20,000 Loan terms 24, 36, 48, 60 Months [ Return to account summary ]

Prosper

Prosper allows co-borrowers to submit a joint personal loan application, which can be beneficial if the primary borrower has a limited credit history or has a lower credit score. The co-borrower on a personal loan application shares the liability for repaying the loan with the primary borrower which is why lenders may see a borrower as less risky if they have another person applying alongside them. Origination fees are between 2.41% to 5% and get deducted from the loan proceeds. Eligible borrowers Must reside in a state where Prosper is authorized to lend and be at least 18 years of age Loan amounts $2,000 to $50,000 Loan terms 24, 36, 48, and 60 months [ Return to account summary ]

Citi Bank

Citi is a household name in the banking and lending space. In addition to having in-person branches nationwide, this lender also offers ways for customers to use its services online. Citi stands out as a personal loan lender because it doesn't charge origination fees, early payoff fees or late fees. Eligible borrowers Must be at least 18 years old Loan amounts $2,000 to $30,000 Loan terms Up to 60 months [ Return to account summary ] See if you're pre-approved for a personal loan offer.

Rocket Loans

Rocket Loans is a part of the Rocket Companies umbrella, a parent brand known for other types of financial services, like mortgages. While Rocket Loans does charge a late fee and an origination fee for the personal loan, it won't charge a prepayment penalty and it also offers same-day funding. Eligible borrowers Must be a U.S. citizen or permanent U.S. resident and at least 18 years of age Loan amounts $2,000 to $45,000 Loan terms 36 or 60 months [ Return to account summary ]

Upstart

Upstart is an online lending platform specializing in personal and auto refinance loans. According to Upstart's website, 99% of approved applicants receive their funding in one business day. However, applicants may also receive their funding in less than 24 hours, making same-day funding a possibility. Eligible borrowers Minimum credit score of at least 300 (but will accept applicants whose credit history is so insufficient they don't have a credit score) Loan amounts $1,000 to $50,000 Loan terms 36 and 60 months [ Return to account summary ]

What is considered a quick loan?

Loans that can be disbursed as soon as the same business day as approval (or even one business day later) are typically considered quick loans. Most lenders can provide funding in a few days, usually 3–5 business days after approval. However, some lenders who disburse funds through a mailed check can take longer to get you the loan proceeds — usually closer to a week. That's why a quick loan is the ideal solution for someone who wants (or needs) their money ASAP.

What are the pros and cons of quick personal loans?

Pros No collateral required: Personal loans generally don't require you to secure the loan with an asset. This is good news since you won't be at risk of losing something valuable, like your car, if you default on the loan. However, there will still be implications to your credit score if you fail to repay your loan, as with any other form of credit.

Personal loans generally don't require you to secure the loan with an asset. This is good news since you won't be at risk of losing something valuable, like your car, if you default on the loan. However, there will still be implications to your credit score if you fail to repay your loan, as with any other form of credit. Lower interest rates: Personal loans generally carry lower interest rates compared to credit cards (unless you have a credit card with a 0% intro APR). This makes them a more affordable alternative. Just keep in mind that applying with a higher credit score makes you eligible for.

Personal loans generally carry lower interest rates compared to credit cards (unless you have a credit card with a 0% intro APR). This makes them a more affordable alternative. Just keep in mind that applying with a higher credit score makes you eligible for. Long loan terms: Terms for a personal loan can be as long as 5–7 years but some lenders offer repayment terms that are even longer. Longer repayment terms generally mean lower monthly payments.

Terms for a personal loan can be as long as 5–7 years but some lenders offer repayment terms that are even longer. Longer repayment terms generally mean lower monthly payments. Lump sum disbursement: Borrowers receive their funding in the form of a lump sum deposited into their bank account. This provides ultimate flexibility in when and how you use the funds.

Cons Potentially numerous fees: Unlike credit cards, personal loans often come with origination fees, application fees and sometimes even prepayment penalties. These fees can add onto the cost of borrowing a personal loan. Though, it is possible to find lenders that don't charge these fees.

Unlike credit cards, personal loans often come with origination fees, application fees and sometimes even prepayment penalties. These fees can add onto the cost of borrowing a personal loan. Though, it is possible to find lenders that don't charge these fees. Higher monthly payments: For the most part, credit cards require a low minimum monthly payment (though, experts advise paying off your balance in full each month). With personal loans, though, your monthly payment is often higher than that of credit cards even if you have a long loan term. Granted, you're able to borrow higher amounts with a personal loan than you would with a credit card.

How do you apply for a quick loan?

First, you should compare different quick loans. Many lenders will let you check (for free) on their websites what interest rate you'll likely receive with them. This lets you eliminate the high-rate options and hone in on your preferred lender. Once you've picked your lender, you then apply for a loan. This will trigger a hard inquiry on your credit history, which lowers your score a little, so don't apply for more than one loan if you can help it. The application usually requires you to submit personal information like your address, social security number and the loan purpose. The best way to receive a loan quickly is to ensure all information is accurate and complete. Errors or failure to submit complete information could delay the approval process.

What are the credit requirements for a quick loan?

Credit requirements depend on the lender. Most lenders want to see good-to-excellent credit, but a handful of lenders cater to borrowers with fair or poor credit. Be sure to double-check with the lender before applying.

FAQs What is a personal loan? A personal loan is a type of installment credit that allows borrowers to receive a one-time lump sum of cash. Borrowers must then pay back that amount plus interest in regular, monthly installments over the loan's term. How do you apply for a personal loan? When applying for a personal loan, you'll need to provide some basic pieces of information, which can include your address, social security number and date of birth, among others. You may also be required to submit pay stubs as proof of income. Some lenders may also require your bank account information. An application can typically be submitted online or in person if the lender has physical branches that you can visit. How do you get a personal loan with bad credit? Some lenders offer personal loans that cater to borrowers with lower credit scores, and may allow borrowers with bad credit to apply with co-borrowers. It's always advised to try to improve your credit score before applying for any form of credit since it can be difficult to qualify with lower credit scores. Additionally, lower credit scores tend to be subject to higher interest rates. What is an unsecured personal loan? An unsecured loan is a form of credit that doesn't require you to put up collateral that can be used to settle your balance if you default on the loan. Most personal loans are unsecured loans.

Subscribe to the CNBC Select Newsletter! Money matters — so make the most of it. Get expert tips, strategies, news and everything else you need to maximize your money, right to your inbox. Sign up here.

Why trust CNBC Select?

At CNBC Select, our mission is to provide our readers with high-quality service journalism and comprehensive consumer advice so they can make informed decisions with their money. Every personal loan review is based on rigorous reporting by our team of expert writers and editors with extensive knowledge of loan products. While CNBC Select earns a commission from affiliate partners on many offers and links, we create all our content without input from our commercial team or any outside third parties, and we pride ourselves on our journalistic standards and ethics. See our methodology for more information on how we choose the best same day personal loans.

Our methodology

To determine which personal loans are the best, CNBC Select analyzed dozens of U.S. personal loans offered by both online and brick-and-mortar banks, including large credit unions, that come with no origination or signup fees, fixed-rate APRs and flexible loan amounts and terms to suit an array of financing needs. When narrowing down and ranking the best personal loans for fair or good credit, we focused on the following features: Fixed-rate APR: Variable rates can go up and down over the lifetime of your loan. With a fixed rate APR, you lock in an interest rate for the duration of the loan's term, which means your monthly payment won't vary, making your budget easier to plan.

Variable rates can go up and down over the lifetime of your loan. With a fixed rate APR, you lock in an interest rate for the duration of the loan's term, which means your monthly payment won't vary, making your budget easier to plan. Flexible minimum and maximum loan amounts/terms: Each lender provides a variety of financing options that you can customize based on your monthly budget and how long you need to pay back your loan.

Each lender provides a variety of financing options that you can customize based on your monthly budget and how long you need to pay back your loan. No early payoff penalties: The lenders on our list do not charge borrowers for paying off loans early.

The lenders on our list do not charge borrowers for paying off loans early. Streamlined application process: We considered whether lenders offered same-day approval decisions and a fast online application process.

We considered whether lenders offered same-day approval decisions and a fast online application process. Customer support: Every loan on our list provides customer service available via telephone, email or secure online messaging. We also opted for lenders with an online resource hub or advice center to help you educate yourself about the personal loan process and your finances.

Every loan on our list provides customer service available via telephone, email or secure online messaging. We also opted for lenders with an online resource hub or advice center to help you educate yourself about the personal loan process and your finances. Fund disbursement: The loans on our list deliver funds promptly through either electronic wire transfer to your checking account or in the form of a paper check. Some lenders (which we noted) offer the ability to pay your creditors directly.

The loans on our list deliver funds promptly through either electronic wire transfer to your checking account or in the form of a paper check. Some lenders (which we noted) offer the ability to pay your creditors directly. Autopay discounts: We noted the lenders that reward you for enrolling in autopay by lowering your APR by 0.25% to 0.5%.

We noted the lenders that reward you for enrolling in autopay by lowering your APR by 0.25% to 0.5%. Creditor payment limits and loan sizes: The above lenders provide loans in an array of sizes, from $500 to $100,000. Each lender advertises its respective payment limits and loan sizes, and completing a preapproval process can give you an idea of what your interest rate and monthly payment would be for such an amount. After reviewing the above features, we sorted our recommendations by best for overall financing needs, quick funding, lower interest rates and flexible terms. Note that the rates and fee structures advertised for personal loans are subject to fluctuate per the Fed rate. However, once you accept your loan agreement, a fixed-rate APR will guarantee interest rate and monthly payment will remain consistent throughout the entire term of the loan. Your APR, monthly payment and loan amount depend on your credit history and creditworthiness. To take out a loan, lenders will conduct a hard credit inquiry and request a full application, which could require proof of income, identity verification, proof of address and more. Catch up on CNBC Select's in-depth coverage of credit cards, banking and money, and follow us on TikTok, Facebook, Instagram and Twitter to stay up to date. *Your LightStream loan terms, including APR, may differ based on loan purpose, amount, term length, and your credit profile. Excellent credit is required to qualify for lowest rates. Rate is quoted with AutoPay discount. AutoPay discount is only available prior to loan funding. Rates without AutoPay are 0.50% points higher. Subject to credit approval. Conditions and limitations apply. Advertised rates and terms are subject to change without notice. Payment example: Monthly payments for a $10,000 loan at 7.99% APR with a term of 3 years would result in 36 monthly payments of $313.32.

Editorial Note: Opinions, analyses, reviews or recommendations expressed in this article are those of the Select editorial staff’s alone, and have not been reviewed, approved or otherwise endorsed by any third party.

### DATE: 
2021-11-18

### Summary: 
Standout benefits: SoFi, generally disburses personal funds quickly — 82% of personal loan applicants receive same-day funding if they sign their agreement before 7 p.m.
This lender provides personal loans for just about every purpose except for higher education and small businesses.
Long loan terms: Terms for a personal loan can be as long as 5–7 years but some lenders offer repayment terms that are even longer.
Most personal loans are unsecured loans.
See our methodology for more information on how we choose the best same day personal loans.

### Keywords: 
best
fee
loans
2024
terms
credit
lenders
loan
rate
apr
sameday
personal
apply

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 7


### TITLE: 
Here are the best brick-and-mortar savings accounts of November 2024

### TEXT: 
Compare offers to find the best savings account

Best at Bank of America

Bank of America Advantage Savings Learn More Bank of America, N.A. is a Member FDIC. Annual Percentage Yield (APY) 0.01%, with option to increase if a Preferred Rewards member

Minimum balance $100 to open

Monthly fee $8 per month, with options to waive. New account holders get the first six months with no monthly fees

Maximum transactions Up to 6 free withdrawals or transfers per statement cycle

Excessive transactions fee $10 when you make over 6 withdrawals in a month

Overdraft fees Overdraft protection when you link your savings account to your checking account

Offer checking account? Yes

Offer ATM card? Yes, if have a Bank of America checking account

Terms apply. Read our Bank of America Advantage Savings review. Pros Earn cash back on select deals at stores, restaurants and more through BankAmeriDeals®

Save money from everyday purchases through Bank of America's Keep the Change® program

Get rewarded for having big balances through Bank of America's Preferred Rewards program

Access Erica® for customized and real-time virtual financial assistance

Bank of America has a vast network of ATMs

No monthly maintenance fee for first six months on new accounts

Up to 6 free withdrawals or transfers per statement cycle Cons Has monthly maintenance fees

Higher-than-average minimum deposit to open an account

Low APY (and option to earn higher is high threshold) Learn More View More

Who's this for? The Bank of America Advantage Savings account stands apart from other brick-and-mortar offerings because of the special rewards programs you can access if you use a Bank of America credit card or open a Bank of America checking account in tandem with your savings account. Account holders can earn up to 15% cash back on select eligible purchases at stores, restaurants and more with BankAmeriDeals® when using a Bank of America debit or credit card. The Bank of America Advantage Savings account requires a $100 opening deposit. There is an $8-per-month maintenance fee that is waived for the first 6 months for new account holders. Customers can avoid paying the monthly fee after the intro period by maintaining a minimum daily balance of at least $500, linking their savings account to their Bank of America Advantage Relationship Banking® checking account or becoming a Bank of America Preferred Rewards member. Students under 24 who are enrolled in school may also qualify for a waiver. There are three tiers to the Bank of America's Preferred Rewards program, and your 3-month average daily balance across your Bank of America deposit and Merrill Lynch/Merrill Edge investment accounts determines which tier you qualify for. You must also have an eligible Bank of America personal checking account to qualify. The tiers include Gold, Platinum and Platinum Honors, and there's a $20,000 minimum balance required. If you qualify and enroll in the Preferred Rewards program, you're also eligible for an elevated APY, ranging from 0.02% to 0.04% depending on which tier. Otherwise, the standard APY is 0.01%. To improve your savings habits, consider enrolling in Bank of America's Keep the Change® program, which allows account holders to round up their debit card purchases and deposit the difference into their savings account each day. Through the Bank of America mobile app, customers can access Erica® for customized and real-time virtual financial assistance. The bank has over 4,000 branches and 16,000-plus ATMs throughout the country. A withdrawal limit fee of $10 is applied for each withdrawal over 6 per month, and there is overdraft protection when you link your savings account to your checking account.

Best at Wells Fargo

Way2Save® Savings Learn More Wells Fargo is a Member FDIC. Annual Percentage Yield (APY) 0.01% APY

Minimum balance $25 to open

Monthly fee $5 per month, with options to waive

Maximum transactions Up to 6 free withdrawals or transfers per statement cycle

Excessive transactions fee Each withdrawal over the 6 per month limit will be assessed

Overdraft fees Overdraft protection when you link your savings account to your checking account

Offer checking account? Yes

Offer ATM card? Yes, if have a Wells Fargo checking account Terms apply. Pros Wells Fargo is the largest brick-and-mortar bank in the nation, by number of branches

Encourages automatic saving through Save As You Go®

Monthly maintenance fee can be waived with automatic transfers into your savings

Low minimum deposit to open an account

Up to 6 free withdrawals or transfers per statement cycle Cons Has monthly maintenance fees

Low APY Learn More View More

Who's this for? With about 5,400 physical locations and over 13,000 ATMs, Wells Fargo Bank is the largest brick-and-mortar bank in the nation by the number of branches. For those looking to open an account at a bank with the most opportunity for in-person access, Wells Fargo is your best choice. Wells Fargo offers two different savings accounts: the basic Way2Save® Savings and the elevated Platinum Savings. CNBC Select chose Way2Save as the better savings account option because it has a lower minimum daily balance requirement to avoid the monthly service fee ($5 per month for Way2Save and $12 per month for Platinum). To avoid these fees, account holders must either maintain a $300 minimum daily balance or set up their choice of automatic transfers from their checking to their savings: $25 in total, $1 each business day per month or at least one Save As You Go® transfer. With Save As You Go, it's easy to set aside cash. Wells Fargo automatically transfers $1 of a customer's funds from their linked Wells Fargo checking account to their Way2Save account for each qualifying transaction that is a non-recurring debit card purchase or online bill payment using Wells Fargo Online® Bill Pay. To accelerate completing your savings goals, you can set up additional automatic transfers from your checking account each month. There is a $25 minimum opening deposit for this savings account, and those who link a Wells Fargo checking account can opt for overdraft protection. The APY on this account is currently 0.15%.

Best at Chase Bank

Chase Premier Savings℠ Learn More Chase Bank is a Member FDIC. Annual Percentage Yield (APY) 0.01%, with option to increase up to 0.05%

Minimum balance $0

Monthly fee $25 per month, with options to waive

Maximum transactions Up to 6 free withdrawals or transfers per statement cycle

Excessive transactions fee $5 when you make over 6 withdrawals in a month

Overdraft fees N/A

Offer checking account? Yes

Offer ATM card? Yes, if have a Chase checking account

Terms apply. Read our Chase Premier Savings℠ review. Pros Chase Bank has a vast network of ATMs

Users have the option to earn a higher APY

Monthly maintenance fee can be waived by linking to a checking account

No minimum deposit to open an account

Up to 6 free withdrawals or transfers per statement cycle Cons Has monthly maintenance fees

Low APY (although option to earn higher) Learn More View More

Who's this for? If you are looking for a broad network of ATMs to avoid any out-of-network fees and want a chance to earn a slightly higher APY, consider the savings accounts offered by Chase. Chase Bank has nearly 4,900 branches and 16,000 ATMs. Like Wells Fargo, Chase offers two brick-and-mortar savings accounts: the standard Chase Savings℠ and the Chase Premier Savings℠. The latter is stronger because you can earn better interest rates (what Chase calls "relationship rates") on higher balances by linking your savings to a Chase Premier Plus Checking℠ or Chase Sapphire℠ Banking and making at least five transactions in a month using your linked checking account. If you don't link your Chase Premier Savings account to a Chase checking account, the APY is 0.01%. But the APY creeps up slightly if you do have a linked account. For example, you can earn 0.02% APY if you also have a Premier Plus Checking or Chase Sapphire Banking account. By linking to a checking account, you also avoid the monthly $25 service fee that comes with the Chase Premier Savings. Otherwise, there's a daily minimum balance of $15,000 required. There is no minimum deposit required to open an account. If you choose to link a Chase Sapphire Banking account, you can take advantage of Sapphire℠ Banking perks, which include special access to sports and entertainment events and early ticket sales. Chase also has an automatic savings program where customers can get help reaching their set savings goals in the bank's mobile app. There is a $5 savings withdrawal limit fee when you make over six withdrawals in a month, including those made at a branch or at an ATM. This fee is waived with a balance of $15,000 or more in the account at the time of withdrawal.

Best at U.S. Bank

U.S. Bank Standard Savings Learn More U.S. Bank National Association is a Member FDIC. Annual Percentage Yield (APY) 0.01% APY

Minimum balance $25 to open

Monthly fee $4 per month, with options to waive

Maximum transactions Up to 6 free withdrawals or transfers per statement cycle

Excessive transactions fee N/A

Overdraft fees Overdraft protection when you link your savings account to your checking account

Offer checking account? Yes

Offer ATM card? Yes, if have a U.S. Bank checking account Terms apply. Pros Lower-than-average fees for a brick-and-mortar savings account

Low monthly maintenance fee, plus option to waive with $300 minimum daily balance

Low minimum deposit to open an account

Up to 6 free withdrawals or transfers per statement cycle Cons Has monthly maintenance fees (although lower than others)

Low APY Learn More View More

Who's this for? If you want a simple, no-frills and low cost savings account at a brick-and-mortar bank, U.S. Bank's Standard Savings Account is for you. With about 2,700 branches and 4,500 ATMs, U.S. Bank has a smaller physical presence than the other national banks on this list, mostly across the Midwest and Western parts of the U.S. However, as its name suggests, the Standard Savings Account is a straightforward option if you live near a U.S. Bank location. Potential savers can open an account with a $25 minimum deposit. The monthly maintenance fee is $4 a month. The fee is waived for account holders who have a $300 minimum daily balance, a $1,000 average monthly collected balance or are under 18. The APY offered is 0.01% on all balances, and you can take advantage of overdraft protection when linking your savings account to your U.S. Bank checking account.

Best at Citibank

Citi® Savings Account Learn More Deposit products are provided by Citibank, N.A. Member FDIC. Annual Percentage Yield (APY) Visit a branch to earn a 4.75% Promotional Interest Rate with 1.24% - 1.31% Annual Percentage Yield. Activities required. Deposit products are provided by Citibank, N.A. Member FDIC.

Minimum balance None

Monthly fee $4.50 per month, with options to waive.

Maximum transactions Up to 6 free withdrawals or transfers per statement cycle

Excessive transactions fee N/A

Overdraft fees Overdraft protection when you link your savings account to your checking account

Offer checking account? Yes

Offer ATM card? Yes Terms apply. Pros Low monthly maintenance fee, plus option to waive

No minimum deposit to open an account

Up to 6 free withdrawals or transfers per statement cycle

Higher APY relationship rates are available with in-branch promotion Cons Low APY

Has monthly maintenance fees (although lower than others) Learn More View More

Who's this for? The Citi® Savings Account is ideal for those who appreciate robust digital banking features but still want access to physical branches. Citibank is the nation's third-largest bank, but has far fewer branches than some competitors, with only about 700 branches in the U.S. Customers have access to over 65,000 surcharge-free ATMs in the U.S. and can take advantage of a range of online banking features, including mobile check deposit, hassle-free transfers and easy online bill payments. Citi stands out for offering a higher APY than its brick-and-mortar competitors with a 3.85% APY. There is no minimum deposit required to open an account. Customers can avoid paying the low monthly fee by maintaining a minimum daily balance of at least $500 or linking their savings account to their checking account and either making one enhanced direct deposit and one qualifying bill payment per statement period or maintaining a $1,500 average monthly collected balance.

Best at PNC Bank

Virtual Wallet® from PNC Bank Learn More PNC Bank is a Member FDIC. Annual Percentage Yield (APY) Up to 4.00% APY on select Virtual Wallet Growth accounts with relationship rates

Minimum balance Varies depending on Virtual Wallet account

Monthly fee Ranges from $7 to $25 depending on Virtual Wallet account, with options to waive

Maximum transactions Up to 6 free withdrawals or transfers per statement cycle

Excessive transactions fee None

Overdraft fee Overdraft protection offered by your Reserve and Growth accounts

Offer checking account? Yes

Offer ATM card? Yes, if have a PNC Bank checking account Terms apply. Pros New account holders can earn a welcome bonus of up to $400

Virtual Wallet includes individual checking and savings accounts that work together

Earn cash or points through PNC Purchase Payback® program

Reimbursable non-network ATM fees

Account holders can choose the Virtual Wallet best for them

Options to waive monthly maintenance fee

Higher APY relationship rates are available Cons Has monthly maintenance fees

Have to call PNC Bank to find out APY offered in your area Learn More View More

Who's this for? PNC Bank is a large brick-and-mortar bank with approximately 2,300 branch locations and nearly 18,000 PNC and PNC Partner ATMs. It stands out on our list for its savings account option called Virtual Wallet®, which uses innovative online tools to make it easy to see how you're managing your money day to day. The account is best for those who want to do all their banking in one place as it rewards you for combining your savings and checking into one. New account holders can earn a welcome bonus of up to $400 depending on what type of Virtual Wallet they open. The three choices include Virtual Wallet, Virtual Wallet with Performance Spend and Virtual Wallet with Performance Select. The simple Virtual Wallet has basic account features while the two other options offer more premium rewards. For those enrolled in school, there is also a Virtual Wallet Student option. All of the above Virtual Wallet options include individual accounts that work together: Spend, Reserve and Growth. Spend is your everyday checking account, Reserve your interest-bearing checking account / primary overdraft protection account and Growth is your long-term savings account / secondary overdraft protection account. Higher "relationship" interest rates are available on your Growth savings account. The monthly service charges range from $7 to $25, depending on the type of Virtual Wallet you have and can be waived depending on minimum balances in your Spend + Reserve checking accounts (required balances and minimum deposits vary according to the type of Virtual Wallet you have). Virtual Wallet account holders can make free transactions at approximately 9,000 PNC-owned ATMs, and if you end up using a non-PNC ATM, some fees are reimbursed. Through the PNC Purchase Payback® program, customers can also earn cash back or points on purchases made using their PNC Bank Visa® Debit Card which is automatically issued when they sign up for Virtual Wallet. The customized rewards program has offers available from participating merchants depending on your shopping habits. If you're looking for a more straightforward account, PNC Bank also offers a Standard Savings Account. For current APY information, call 1-888-PNC-BANK (1-888-762-2265).

Common brick-and-mortar savings account terms you should know

Annual Percentage Yield (APY): The amount of interest an account earns in a year.

The amount of interest an account earns in a year. ATM networks: ATMs can either be in-service or out-of-network, depending on which bank you have. When you make a transaction at an ATM that is outside your bank's network, then a fee will most likely be applied by both the ATM operator and your bank.

ATMs can either be in-service or out-of-network, depending on which bank you have. When you make a transaction at an ATM that is outside your bank's network, then a fee will most likely be applied by both the ATM operator and your bank. Overdraft protection: Any negative checking account balances are automatically covered when linked to a savings account. Find the best savings account for you: Help your money grow by finding the savings account that offers the best rates and features for you.

Bottom line

It's smart to open a brick-and-mortar bank for the personal, face-to-face experience it provides, but if you're just looking to earn the highest return on your money, then a high-yield savings account may be a better option. Whereas online-only banks don't have to pay high overhead costs to operate physical branches, brick-and-mortar banks have costly expenses that are usually passed on to their customers.

Why trust CNBC Select?

At CNBC Select, our mission is to provide our readers with high-quality service journalism and comprehensive consumer advice so they can make informed decisions with their money. Every brick-and-mortar savings account review is based on rigorous reporting by our team of expert writers and editors with extensive knowledge of banking products. While CNBC Select earns a commission from affiliate partners on many offers and links, we create all our content without input from our commercial team or any outside third parties, and we pride ourselves on our journalistic standards and ethics. See our methodology for more information on how we choose the best brick-and-mortar savings accounts.

Our methodology

To determine which brick-and-mortar savings accounts offer the most convenience, CNBC Select analyzed dozens of U.S. savings accounts offered by the largest national banks and credit unions. We narrowed down our ranking by only considering those savings accounts that come from brick-and-mortar banks with broad availability, offering access to at least 700 physical branches and over 4,000 non-fee ATMs in the U.S. While the accounts we chose in this article are from the largest banks, we compared each savings account on a range of features, including its fees, opportunities to earn higher interest rates, customer service and any other special offerings or programs. We also considered factors such as insurance policies, users' deposit options, other savings accounts being offered by the same bank and customer reviews when available. All of the accounts included on this list are FDIC-insured up to $250,000. Note that the interest rates and fee structures for brick-and-mortar savings accounts are subject to change without notice. Product and feature availability vary by market so they may not be offered depending on where you live. Most brick-and-mortar banks require you to enter your zip code online for the correct account offerings. Any return on your savings depends on the associated fees and the balance you have in your brick-and-mortar savings account. To open a savings account, most banks and institutions require a deposit of new money, meaning you can't transfer money you already had in an account at that bank. Catch up on CNBC Select's in-depth coverage of credit cards, banking and money, and follow us on TikTok, Facebook, Instagram and Twitter to stay up to date

Subscribe to the CNBC Select Newsletter! Money matters — so make the most of it. Get expert tips, strategies, news and everything else you need to maximize your money, right to your inbox. Sign up here.

Editorial Note: Opinions, analyses, reviews or recommendations expressed in this article are those of the Select editorial staff’s alone, and have not been reviewed, approved or otherwise endorsed by any third party.

### DATE: 
2020-10-07

### Summary: 
Like Wells Fargo, Chase offers two brick-and-mortar savings accounts: the standard Chase Savings℠ and the Chase Premier Savings℠.
If you want a simple, no-frills and low cost savings account at a brick-and-mortar bank, U.S. Bank's Standard Savings Account is for you.
Spend is your everyday checking account, Reserve your interest-bearing checking account / primary overdraft protection account and Growth is your long-term savings account / secondary overdraft protection account.
Find the best savings account for you: Help your money grow by finding the savings account that offers the best rates and features for you.
Any return on your savings depends on the associated fees and the balance you have in your brick-and-mortar savings account.

### Keywords: 
apy
best
fee
2024
account
bank
accounts
minimum
monthly
brickandmortar
wallet
savings
chase
checking

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 8


### TITLE: 
Banks are in a race to end overdraft fees — these 7 checking accounts won't charge you

### TEXT: 
Compare offers to find the best checking account

7 checking accounts with zero overdraft fees

Bottom line

Overdraft fees may not seem like an issue at first when you're only charged around $30, but overdrawing from your account more than once can certainly add up. If overdrafting is something you have experienced in the past, consider signing up for one of the above checking accounts to avoid paying any extra fees.

Why trust CNBC Select?

At CNBC Select, our mission is to provide our readers with high-quality service journalism and comprehensive consumer advice so they can make informed decisions with their money. Every banking article is based on rigorous reporting by our team of expert writers and editors with extensive knowledge of banking products. While CNBC Select earns a commission from affiliate partners on many offers and links, we create all our content without input from our commercial team or any outside third parties, and we pride ourselves on our journalistic standards and ethics. Catch up on CNBC Select's in-depth coverage of credit cards, banking and money, and follow us on TikTok, Facebook, Instagram and Twitter to stay up to date.

Information about the Capital One 360 Checking, Ally Bank Spending Account, Discover Cashback Debit Account, and Alliant Credit Union High-Rate Checking Account has been collected independently by Select and has not been reviewed, nor provided by the issuers prior to publication. Ally Bank, Capital One Bank, and Discover® Bank, are Members FDIC. Alliant Credit Union is a Member NCUA.

Editorial Note: Opinions, analyses, reviews or recommendations expressed in this article are those of the Select editorial staff’s alone, and have not been reviewed, approved or otherwise endorsed by any third party.

### DATE: 
2021-12-09

### Summary: 
If overdrafting is something you have experienced in the past, consider signing up for one of the above checking accounts to avoid paying any extra fees.
Why trust CNBC Select?
At CNBC Select, our mission is to provide our readers with high-quality service journalism and comprehensive consumer advice so they can make informed decisions with their money.
Ally Bank, Capital One Bank, and Discover® Bank, are Members FDIC.
Alliant Credit Union is a Member NCUA.

### Keywords: 
select
union
reviewed
charge
bank
account
wont
accounts
banks
credit
banking
fees
overdraft
end
team
race
cnbc
checking

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 9


### TITLE: 
Best mortgage lenders for low and no down payments in 2024

### TEXT: 
Best for no down payment

Guild Mortgage Learn More Annual Percentage Rate (APR) Apply online for rates.

Types of loans Conventional, FHA, VA, USDA, Arrive Home, Zero Down, jumbo, construction, refinancing, reverse mortgages

Terms 15 to 30 years

Credit needed 540 for FHA, VA and USDA loans; 600 for Zero Down; 620 for conventional loans, 680 for jumbo loans. Non-traditional credit option available

Minimum down payment 0% for USDA, Arrive Home™ or Zero Down; 1% for conventional loans, 3.5% for FHA loans Pros Down payments as low as 0% on conventional loans

FHA loan approval with 540 credit score

Over 200 physical branches in 32 states

E-closings available Cons Rates not available online

No HELOC or home equity loans

Does not issue mortgages in New York

Low customer satisfaction score from JD Power Learn More View More

Who's this for? Don't have a lot saved up? Guild's Zero Down mortgage combines a 3.5% FHA loan with a forgivable second mortgage that brings your down payment to 0%. Borrowers can be approved with credit scores as low as 600. Standout benefits: In addition to the Zero Down mortgage, Guild has the Arrive Home™ loan, another zero-down mortgage for borrowers who earn up to 160% of the area median income. [ Jump to more details ]

Best for affordability

New American Funding Learn More Annual Percentage Rate (APR) Apply online for rates.

Types of loans Conventional, FHA, VA, USDA, jumbo, refinancing, home equity loans, HELOC

Terms 15-year and 30-year terms for fixed-rate mortgages; adjustable-rate mortgages have 5-year, 7-year or 10-year introductory periods

Credit needed 620 for conventional, no credit score requirement for FHA

Minimum down payment 3% for conventional, 3.5% for FHA, 0% for VA or USDA Pros Sample rates available online

Down payment as low as 3%

14-business-day closing guarantee

Offers reverse mortgages Cons Low mortgage origination satisfaction score from J.D. Power

Applications require call back from agent

Fees not disclosed before applying Learn More View More

Who's this for? Check out New American Funding if you want to hold onto more of your money. At the time of writing, its rates were below average for both 15 and 30-year fixed-rate mortgages. Standout benefits: You can be approved for a conventional mortgage with as little as 3% down and no mortgage insurance. NAF also guarantees closing within 14 business days, shorter than any lender on this list. [ Jump to more details ]

Best for no lender fees

Ally Home Learn More Annual Percentage Rate (APR) Apply online for personalized rates; fixed-rate and adjustable-rate mortgages included

Types of loans Conventional, jumbo, HomeReady

Terms 15 – 30 years

Credit needed 620

Minimum down payment 5% for conventional loan, 3% for HomeReady loan

Terms apply. Read our Ally Bank mortgage review Pros No lender fees

Preapproval in as little as three minutes

Available in all 50 states

HomeReady loan only requires a 3% down payment Cons No FHA, USDA or VA loans

No home equity lines of credit (HELOC)

No physical branches Learn More View More

Who's this for? Ally Bank doesn't charge lender fees, which can be as much as 2% of your loan total. On a $300,000 mortgage, that would save you $6,000. Standout benefits: Ally is one of the few major lenders offering the Freddie Mac-backed HomeOne® mortgage, which only requires 3% down and has no income requirements. If you're buying in Philadelphia, Detroit or Charlotte, North Carolina, you may qualify for a $5,000 closing cost grant. [ Jump to more details ]

Best for low-income borrowers

Chase Bank Learn More Annual Percentage Rate (APR) Apply online for personalized rates; fixed-rate and adjustable-rate mortgages included

Types of loans Conventional loans, FHA loans, VA loans, jumbo loans and proprietary low-down-payment DreaMaker℠ and Standard Agency mortgages.

Terms 10 – 30 years

Credit needed 620

Minimum down payment 3% for DreaMaker℠ or Standard Agency loan

Terms apply. Read our Chase mortgage review Pros Chase DreaMaker℠ loan only requires 3% down payment

Existing customers eligible for rate reduction

Above-average customer satisfaction scores

Closing timeline guarantee

Homebuyer grants of up to $7,500 Cons No USDA loans or HELOCs

No closing guarantee for refinancing

Chase homebuyer grant only available in select areas. Learn More View More

Who's this for? If you don't take home a huge paycheck, Chase Bank's DreaMaker loan could be the low-down-payment mortgage for you. Borrowers who make up to 80% of the area median income can put as little as 3% down. Income requirements have been lifted in 15 metro areas — including New York City, Los Angeles, Atlanta and Chicago — and applicants in those cities can also qualify for a $7,500 grant to put towards a down payment, rate buydown or closing costs. Standout benefits: Chase also has the Standard Agency loan, a 3%-down mortgage for first-time homebuyers with a 680 credit score. [ Jump to more details ]

Best for VA loans

Navy Federal Credit Union Learn More Annual Percentage Rate (APR) Apply online for personalized rates

Types of loans Conventional, VA, Military Choice, Homebuyers Choice

Terms 10 – 30 years

Credit needed Not disclosed

Minimum down payment 5% for conventional loan, 0% for VA, Military Choice and Homebuyers Choice

Terms apply. Pros 0% down payment for most loans

Origination fee can be waived for 0.25% rate increase

$1,000 rate-match guarantee

No private mortgage insurance required

Up to $9,000 back if you buy or sell through RealtyPlus program. Cons Must be a Navy Federal member to apply

Membership limited to active military, veterans and their families

No USDA or FHA loans Learn More View More

Who's this for? Navy Federal Credit Union has three no-down-payment options for military families: In addition to traditional VA loans, it offers Military Choice and Homebuyers Choice mortgages, both of which allow sellers to contribute up to 6% of the home's value toward closing costs.



Standout benefits: If you find a better rate with a competitor, Navy Federal will match it or give you $1,000 after you close. Homebuyers who buy a house through Navy Federal's RealtyPlus program can receive up to $9,000 in cash back. [ Jump to more details ]

Best for USDA loans

PNC Bank Learn More Annual Percentage Rate (APR) Apply online for personalized rates

Types of loans Conventional, FHA, VA, USDA, physician loan, HomeReady and Home Possible, refinancing, HELOC

Terms Fixed: 10 – 30 years, ARM: 7/6 and 10/6

Credit needed 620 for conventional, 640 for USDA, 620 for FHA, 680 for jumbo,

Minimum down payment 3% for conventional, 3.5% for FHA, 0% for USDA or VA, 15% for jumbo loan

Terms apply. Read our PNC Bank mortgage review Pros Lower-than-average rates

Issues loans in all 50 states and Washington, DC

Offers USDA loans

PNC Community Loan requires only 3% down and no PMI

$7,500 grant for down payment or closing cost Cons No home renovation or home equity loans

High credit score requirement for FHA mortgage

Rated below average for customer satisfaction by J.D. Power Learn More View More

Who's this for? PNC is one of the few big banks that offers USDA loans, zero-down mortgages backed by the U.S. Department of Agriculture for properties in select rural and suburban regions. Not only do you get a lower interest rate, but you can skip mortgage insurance and don't have to show substantial cash reserves. Standout benefits: PNC's speedy preapproval process can get you an approval answer within 30 minutes. Borrowers in eligible locations may qualify for a grant of up to $7,500 toward closing costs, down payment or other costs. [ Jump to more details ]

Best online lender

Rocket Mortgage Learn More Annual Percentage Rate (APR) Apply online for personalized rates

Types of loans Conventional, FHA, VA, jumbo, HomeReady, Home Possible

Terms 10-, 15- and 30-year fixed-term conventional loans, 30-year VA and FHA loans, custom mortgages with fixed-rate terms from 8 to 29 years.

Credit needed 620

Minimum down payment 0% for VA, 1% for RocketONE+, 3% for conventional, 3.5% for FHA, 10% to 15% for jumbo

Already have a mortgage through Rocket Mortgage or looking to start one? Check out the Rocket Visa Signature Card to learn how you can earn rewards Read our review of Rocket Mortgage Pros Largest home lender in the U.S.

Offers 1% down mortgage

High scores for customer satisfaction

Shorter-than-average closing time

Rebate of up to $10,000 for buying with Rocket Homes Cons No USDA mortgages, construction loans or HELOCs

Hard credit check required for customized rate

Higher origination fees than the competition

No physical branches Learn More View More

Who's this for? If you want the ease of homebuying from home, Rocket Mortgage isn't just an online lender: It's the largest mortgage provider in the U.S. and continually tops JD Powers' mortgage satisfaction surveys. Standout benefits: Borrowers who meet income requirements can put as little as 1% down on a Rocket ONE+ loan without paying private mortgage insurance. Rocket also offers government-backed HomeReady and Home Possible loans, which only require a 3% down payment. [ Jump to more details ]

More on our top lenders for low down payments

Guild Mortgage

Guild Mortgage offers conventional and government-backed mortgages in all states except New York. The Homebuyer Express guarantee ensures closing in 17 days or borrowers receive $500 in closing costs (not available in Oregon). While Guild received an A+ from the Better Business Bureau and scored highly on JD Powers' 2023 mortgage originator survey, it was ranked near the bottom for mortgage servicing. Minimum credit score 600 for Zero Down, 620 for Arrive Home Minimum down payment 0% for an Arrive Home or Zero Down, 0% for VA or USDA loan, 1% for conventional loans Types of mortgages offered Conventional, FHA, VA, USDA, jumbo [ Return to summary ]

New American Funding

New American Funding is licensed to lend everywhere except Hawaii and New York and, unlike many lenders, displays sample rates online. While it ranked below average in JD Power's mortgage origination survey, NAF lands near the top for mortgage servicers and received an A from the Better Business Bureau. Minimum credit score 620 Minimum down payment 3% for conventional, 3.5% for FHA loans, 0% for VA or USDA Types of mortgages offered Conventional, jumbo, FHA, VA, USDA [ Return to summary ]

Ally Bank

Ally Bank can preapprove you in as little as three minutes and lock in your rate within 24 hours. The average closing timeline with Ally is 35 days, a week less than the national average. Minimum credit score 620 Minimum down payment 3% with HomeReady loan Types of mortgages offered Conventional, jumbo, HomeReady, HomeOne® [ Return to summary ]

Chase Bank

Chase Bank has branches in 48 states and mortgage advisors in 38. It guarantees on-time closing in as little as 21 days or eligible homebuyers may get a $5,000 rebate. Minimum credit score 620 for conventional loans, 580 for FHA Minimum down payment 3% for DreaMaker or Standard Agency loan, 0% for VA Types of mortgages offered Conventional, FHA, VA, jumbo, DreaMaker, Standard Agency loans



[ Return to summary ]

Navy Federal Credit Union

Navy Federal Credit Union is the largest credit union in the U.S., but membership is limited to active service members, veterans, Reservists, Defense Department staff and their families. The 1.00% origination fee can be waived if you opt for a 0.25% rate increase instead and borrowers can apply with non-traditional credit sources, like rent and utility bills. Minimum credit score Not disclosed Minimum down payment 0% for VA, Military Choice or Homebuyers Choice loans; 3% for conventional loans Types of mortgages offered Conventional, VA, jumbo, Military Choice, Homebuyers Choice [ Return to summary ]

PNC Bank

PNC Bank has more than 2,300 retail locations in 28 states, although it services mortgages nationwide. It has an A+ rating from the Better Business Bureau and scored above average in JD Power's 2023 U.S. Mortgage Servicer Satisfaction Survey. Minimum credit score 620 for conventional, 580 for FHA Minimum down payment 0% for USDA or VA, 3.5% for FHA Types of mortgages offered Conventional, FHA, VA, USDA, jumbo and doctor loans and low-down-payment PNC Community Loan [ Return to summary ]

Rocket Mortgage

Rocket Mortgage offers verified approval in as little as two hours, with an average closing time of 22 days, nearly half the industry average. Using the Rocket Visa Signature Card can earn you points toward mortgage payments or a down payment on a future Rocket Mortgage home loan. Minimum credit score 620 for conventional loans, 580 for FHA loans Minimum down payment 1% for Rocket ONE+, 3% for HomeReady or Home Possible, 3.5% for FHA, 0% for VA Types of mortgages offered Conventional, FHA, VA, jumbo, HomeReady, Home Possible, Rocket ONE+ [ Return to summary ]

Pros and cons of a low down payment

The benefits and drawbacks of a smaller down payment Pros You'll be able to buy faster and afford a more expensive house

More money for moving, repairs and other costs

Unused funds can be invested and earn a higher return Cons Your mortgage rate could be higher

Your monthly payments will be larger.

You'll start with less home equity

You will probably have to pay mortgage insurance

Common types of low-down-payment mortgages

There are several home loans guaranteed by the federal government.

Minimum down payment Eligibility Minimum credit score VA loan 0% Active-duty U.S.service members veterans, Reserves National Guard and eligible surviving spouses 620 FHA loan 3.5% Debt-to-income ratio of 43% percent or less (up to 50 percent in some cases) 580 with 3.5% down or 500 with 10% down USDA loan 0% No more than 115% area median income, property in qualifying area Typically 640 HomeReady mortgage 3% No more than 80% of the area median income 620 Home Possible® mortgage 3% No more than 80% of the area median income 660 HomeOne® mortgage 3% First-time homebuyers (no income requirement) 660



FAQs What is considered a low down payment? For a conventional mortgage, lenders typically approve qualified borrowers with a down payment of 5% or more. Anything less than that is considered a low down payment. What are some common types of low-down-payment mortgages? FHA loans, VA loans and USDA loans are all popular types of low-down-payment mortgages insured by government agencies, each with its own eligibility requirements. In addition, Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac back HomeReady, Home Possible and HomeOne mortgages. Many banks have proprietary mortgages with low down payments: With Rocket Mortgage's Rocket ONE+ loan, for example, you can put as little as 1% down without private mortgage insurance. Do I have to put down 20% to buy a home? The median down payment for first-time homebuyers between July 2022 and June 2023 was 8%, according to the National Association of Realtors. Putting less than 20% down, however, will likely mean you'll have to pay private mortgage insurance.

Subscribe to the CNBC Select Newsletter! Money matters — so make the most of it. Get expert tips, strategies, news and everything else you need to maximize your money, right to your inbox. Sign up here.

Why trust CNBC Select?

At CNBC Select, our mission is to provide our readers with high-quality service journalism and comprehensive consumer advice so they can make informed decisions with their money. Every mortgage lender review is based on rigorous reporting by our team of expert writers and editors with extensive knowledge of home loan products. While CNBC Select earns a commission from affiliate partners on many offers and links, we create all our content without input from our commercial team or any outside third parties, and we pride ourselves on our journalistic standards and ethics. See our methodology for more information on how we choose the best small down payment mortgages.

Our methodology

To determine which mortgage lenders are the best, CNBC Select analyzed dozens of U.S. mortgages offered by both online and brick-and-mortar banks, including large credit unions, that come with fixed-rate APRs and flexible loan amounts and terms to suit an array of financing needs. When narrowing down and ranking the best mortgages, we focused on the following features: Fixed-rate APR: Variable rates can go up and down over the lifetime of your loan. With a fixed rate APR, you lock in an interest rate for the duration of the loan's term, which means your monthly payment won't vary, making your budget easier to plan.

Variable rates can go up and down over the lifetime of your loan. With a fixed rate APR, you lock in an interest rate for the duration of the loan's term, which means your monthly payment won't vary, making your budget easier to plan. Types of loans offered: The most common kinds of mortgage loans include conventional loans, FHA loans and VA loans. In addition to these loans, lenders may also offer USDA loans and jumbo loans. Having more options available means the lender can cater to a wider range of applicant needs. We have also considered loans that would suit the needs of borrowers who plan to purchase their second home or a rental property.

The most common kinds of mortgage loans include conventional loans, FHA loans and VA loans. In addition to these loans, lenders may also offer USDA loans and jumbo loans. Having more options available means the lender can cater to a wider range of applicant needs. We have also considered loans that would suit the needs of borrowers who plan to purchase their second home or a rental property. Closing timeline: The lenders on our list offer closing timelines that vary from as promptly as two weeks after the home purchase agreement has been signed to as many as 45 days after the agreement has been signed. Specific closing timelines have been noted for each lender.

The lenders on our list offer closing timelines that vary from as promptly as two weeks after the home purchase agreement has been signed to as many as 45 days after the agreement has been signed. Specific closing timelines have been noted for each lender. Fees: Common fees associated with mortgage applications include origination fees, application fees, underwriting fees, processing fees and administrative fees. We evaluate these fees in addition to other features when determining the overall offer from each lender. Though some lenders on this list do not charge these fees, we have noted any instances where a lender does.

Common fees associated with mortgage applications include origination fees, application fees, underwriting fees, processing fees and administrative fees. We evaluate these fees in addition to other features when determining the overall offer from each lender. Though some lenders on this list do not charge these fees, we have noted any instances where a lender does. Flexible minimum and maximum loan amounts/terms: Each mortgage lender provides a variety of financing options that you can customize based on your monthly budget and how long you need to pay back your loan.

Each mortgage lender provides a variety of financing options that you can customize based on your monthly budget and how long you need to pay back your loan. No early payoff penalties: The mortgage lenders on our list do not charge borrowers for paying off the loan early.

The mortgage lenders on our list do not charge borrowers for paying off the loan early. Streamlined application process: We considered whether lenders offered a convenient, fast online application process and/or an in-person procedure at local branches.

We considered whether lenders offered a convenient, fast online application process and/or an in-person procedure at local branches. Customer support: Every mortgage lender on our list provides customer service via telephone, email or secure online messaging. We also opted for lenders with an online resource hub or advice center to help you educate yourself about the personal loan process and your finances.

Every mortgage lender on our list provides customer service via telephone, email or secure online messaging. We also opted for lenders with an online resource hub or advice center to help you educate yourself about the personal loan process and your finances. Minimum down payment: Although minimum down payment amounts depend on the type of loan a borrower applies for, we noted lenders that offer additional specialty loans that come with a lower minimum down payment amount. After reviewing the above features, we sorted our recommendations by best for no down payment, affordability, no lender fees, low-income borrowers, VA loans, USDA loans and online lenders. Rates and fee structures advertised for mortgages fluctuate in accordance with the Federal Reserve rate. However, once you accept your mortgage agreement, a fixed-rate APR will guarantee your interest rate and monthly payment will remain consistent throughout the entire term of the loan, unless you choose to refinance your mortgage at a later date for a potentially lower APR. Your APR, monthly payment and loan amount depend on your credit history, creditworthiness, debt-to-income ratio and the desired loan term. To take out a mortgage, lenders will conduct a hard credit inquiry and request a full application, which could require proof of income, identity verification, proof of address and more. Catch up on CNBC Select's in-depth coverage of credit cards, banking and money, and follow us on TikTok, Facebook, Instagram and Twitter to stay up to date.

Editorial Note: Opinions, analyses, reviews or recommendations expressed in this article are those of the Select editorial staff’s alone, and have not been reviewed, approved or otherwise endorsed by any third party.

### DATE: 
2022-06-30

### Summary: 
Types of loans Conventional, FHA, VA, USDA, Arrive Home, Zero Down, jumbo, construction, refinancing, reverse mortgagesTerms 15 to 30 yearsCredit needed 540 for FHA, VA and USDA loans; 600 for Zero Down; 620 for conventional loans, 680 for jumbo loans.
Standout benefits: You can be approved for a conventional mortgage with as little as 3% down and no mortgage insurance.
Types of loans offered: The most common kinds of mortgage loans include conventional loans, FHA loans and VA loans.
The most common kinds of mortgage loans include conventional loans, FHA loans and VA loans.
After reviewing the above features, we sorted our recommendations by best for no down payment, affordability, no lender fees, low-income borrowers, VA loans, USDA loans and online lenders.

### Keywords: 
fha
best
va
mortgages
low
2024
loans
credit
payments
mortgage
lenders
loan
conventional
usda
payment

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 10


### TITLE: 
What's the difference between a VA loan and a USDA loan?

### TEXT: 
What is a VA loan?

Guaranteed by the Department of Veteran Affairs, VA loans are zero-down mortgages available to active service members, veterans and some surviving spouses. Because they're backed by the government, they usually have lower interest rates than conventional mortgages and do not require private mortgage insurance. The VA doesn't set credit or income requirements, so lenders tend to have more flexible requirements, too. Instead of mortgage insurance, there is a one-time funding fee that is dependent on how much of a down payment you make:

Down payment Fee Under 5% 2.15% of loan amount for first VA loan, 3,3% for repeat borrowers 5% to 10% 1.50% for all borrowers 10% or more 1.25% for all borrowers



What is a USDA loan?

USDA loans are guaranteed by the U.S. Department of Agriculture and, like VA loans, do not require a down payment or private mortgage insurance. Interest rates on USDA loans are also typically lower than those for conventional loans and credit requirements are also more lenient. Unlike VA loans, however, only borrowers who earn no more than 115% of the area median income are eligible for USDA loans. In addition, the loan can only be put toward a property in a specific USDA-approved rural or suburban area. (The USDA provides an eligibility map that indicates the eligible areas.) The free structure for a USDA loan is also slightly different: Instead of private mortgage insurance, borrowers pay an upfront guarantee fee an annual fee.



In 2024, the upfront fee is 1% of the loan total and the annual fee is 0.35%.

VA loan and USDA loans: Requirements

While neither the Department of Agriculture nor the Veterans Administration have specific credit or income requirements, private lenders who offer these loans typically do.



USDA loans VA loans Minimum down payment requirement 0% 0% Minimum credit score 640 620 Maximum DTI 34% to 46% 43% Income requirement No more than 115% of the area median income None Other requirements Must be used for a USDA-approved rural or suburban property Borrower must be active-duty service member, veteran, National Guard, Reserve, cadet or surviving spouse Fees Upfront fee of up to 3.25% and annual charge of up to 0.50% One-time funding fee of between 1.25% and 3.30%



Best VA lenders

Here are some of our top picks for VA loans, based on several factors Best for customer service: Veterans United The largest VA loan provider in the US, Veterans United has high customer satisfaction ratings from J.D. Power. If you need to boost your credit score before applying, Veterans United has free credit counseling services.

Best for low rates: Navy Federal Credit Union Navy Federal Credit Union's rates for VA loans are well below the industry average. It also offers a Military Choice loan, which lets sellers contribute up to 6% of the home value toward closing costs. The No-Refi Rate Drop lets borrowers their rate without refinancing for a flat $250 fee.

Navy Federal Credit Union Learn More Annual Percentage Rate (APR) Apply online for personalized rates

Types of loans Conventional loans, VA loans, Military Choice loans, Homebuyers Choice loans, adjustable-rate mortgage

Terms 10 – 30 years

Credit needed Not disclosed but lender is flexible

Minimum down payment 0%; 5% for conventional loan option Terms apply.

Best for in-person experience: Chase Bank Chase has the largest bank network in the U.S., with more than 4,000 branches in 48 states and mortgage advisors in 38 states. VA loans are eligible for a $2,000 closing credit and Chase guarantees on-time closing in as little as 21 days or eligible homebuyers may get a $5,000 rebate.

Chase Bank Learn More Annual Percentage Rate (APR) Apply online for personalized rates; fixed-rate and adjustable-rate mortgages included

Types of loans Conventional loans, FHA loans, VA loans, DreaMaker℠ loans and Jumbo loans

Terms 10 – 30 years

Credit needed 620

Minimum down payment 3% if moving forward with a DreaMaker℠ loan

Terms apply.

Offers first-time homebuyer assistance? Yes — click here for details

Best USDA lenders

Here are some of our top choices for USDA loans in a variety of categories. Best for bad credit: Guild Mortgage Guild Mortgage approves USDA loan applicants with a credit score of as low as 540, much lower than the typical 640. If you don't have credit, Guild will accept non-traditional credit checks, such as on-time utility payments.

Guild Mortgage Learn More Annual Percentage Rate (APR) Fixed-rate and adjustable-rate available, apply online for rates.

Types of loans Conventional loans, construction loans, FHA loans, VA loans, USDA loans and Jumbo loans

Terms 15-year to 30-year

Credit needed Some loans require a 620 credit score, some require a 540 credit score or no credit score at all.

Minimum down payment 0% if moving forward with a USDA loan; 0% if moving forward with an Arrive Home™ or Zero Down mortgage (a 3% to 5% down payment is financed through a second mortgage with these options) ; 1% on conventional loans for some qualifying borrowers

Best for in-person experience: PNC Bank Not all big banks issue USDA loans, but PNC Bank does — and it has 2,000 branches nationwide. Its Community Loan is available with as little as 3% down and no PMI.

PNC Bank Learn More Annual Percentage Rate (APR) Apply online for personalized rates; fixed-rate and adjustable-rate mortgages included

Types of loans Conventional loans, FHA loans, VA loans, USDA loans, jumbo loans, HELOCs, Community Loan and Medical Professional Loan

Terms 10 – 30 years

Credit needed 620

Minimum down payment 0% if moving forward with a USDA loan

Terms apply. Read our PNC Bank mortgage review

Best for first-time homebuyers: Flagstar Bank

Flagstar Bank has several grants and discounts for first-time homebuyers, including the Gift Program, which gives 3% of the home price back. The Power-Up program enables eligible first-timers to get $8,000 in grants to put towards their home purchase.

Flagstar Learn More Annual Percentage Rate (APR) Apply online for rates.

Types of loans Conventional, FHA, VA, USDA, jumbo, renovation, Destination Home Mortgage, HomeReady, Home Possible, HELOC, refinancing, ReFi Now, Refi Possible

Terms 15-year and 30-year fixed-rate loans; 5-year, 7-year, 10-year intro period for adjustable-rate loans

Credit needed 620 for conventional, 600 for Destination Home Mortgage

Minimum down payment 3% for conventional loans, 0% for VA, USDA and Destination Home Mortgage

VA loans: Pros and cons

Pros No down payment

Flexible credit score requirements

Lower interest rates than conventional mortgages

No private mortgage insurance required

Cons Only available to service members, veterans and surviving spouse

Must be used to buy a primary residence

Funding fee can be as high as 3.6% if you've taken out a VA loan before

USDA loans: pros and cons

Pros No down payment

Rates are typically lower than conventional mortgages.

conventional mortgages. Flexible credit and debt-to-income ratio requirements

No private mortgage insurance

Cons Limited to borrowers with 115% of the average median income

115% of the average median income Property must be in an approved rural or suburban area

Borrowers must pay an upfront guarantee fee and an annual fee

The underwriting process usually takes longer

FAQs How do VA loans work? With a VA loan, most veterans and military service members can take out a 0% down payment mortgage guaranteed by the Department of Veteran Affairs. No private mortgage insurance is required, and rates are typically lower than on conventional loans. Are VA loans assumable? Yes, anyone can assume a VA loan, whether they are eligible for a VA loan or not. Who qualifies for a VA loan? Active service members, veterans who were honorably discharged and some surviving spouses qualify for VA loans. (You can find more specifics on the VA website.) Are USDA loans assumable? Most USDA loans are assumable. The Department of Agriculture doesn't have a restriction against assuming a USDA loan, but some lenders may not allow it. What areas qualify for USDA loans? There are many USDA-approved rural and suburban areas throughout the country where homebuyers can qualify for a USDA loan. Check the USDA's eligibility map for specifics. Can you refinance a USDA loan? You can refinance a USDA loan using the USDA Streamline Refinance program. You can also refinance a USDA loan into a conventional mortgage but will have to have enough home equity.

Subscribe to the CNBC Select Newsletter! Money matters — so make the most of it. Get expert tips, strategies, news and everything else you need to maximize your money, right to your inbox. Sign up here.

Catch up on CNBC Select's in-depth coverage of credit cards, banking and money, and follow us on TikTok, Facebook, Instagram and Twitter to stay up to date.

Editorial Note: Opinions, analyses, reviews or recommendations expressed in this article are those of the Select editorial staff’s alone, and have not been reviewed, approved or otherwise endorsed by any third party.

### DATE: 
2022-08-11

### Summary: 
Unlike VA loans, however, only borrowers who earn no more than 115% of the area median income are eligible for USDA loans.
Yes — click here for detailsBest USDA lendersHere are some of our top choices for USDA loans in a variety of categories.
Types of loans Conventional loans, construction loans, FHA loans, VA loans, USDA loans and Jumbo loansTerms 15-year to 30-yearCredit needed Some loans require a 620 credit score, some require a 540 credit score or no credit score at all.
Yes, anyone can assume a VA loan, whether they are eligible for a VA loan or not.
You can refinance a USDA loan using the USDA Streamline Refinance program.

### Keywords: 
fee
va
difference
loans
credit
mortgage
loan
conventional
annual
usda
whats
payment

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 11


### TITLE: 
4 best mortgage lenders with no origination fees

### TEXT: 
Best for no lender fees

Ally Home Learn More Annual Percentage Rate (APR) Apply online for personalized rates; fixed-rate and adjustable-rate mortgages included

Types of loans Conventional, jumbo, HomeReady

Terms 15 – 30 years

Credit needed 620

Minimum down payment 5% for conventional loan, 3% for HomeReady loan

Terms apply. Read our Ally Bank mortgage review Pros No lender fees

Preapproval in as little as three minutes

Available in all 50 states

HomeReady loan only requires a 3% down payment Cons No FHA, USDA or VA loans

No home equity lines of credit (HELOC)

No physical branches Learn More View More

Who's this for? Ally Bank is a good option if you want to minimize your upfront costs — it doesn't charge an origination fee, application fee, processing fee or underwriting fee. (You may still have to pay appraisal and recording fees, as well as for title search and insurance.) Standout benefits: With a HomeReady mortgage, Ally borrowers who meet income and credit requirements can put down as little as 3%. [ Jump to more details ]

Best for veterans and military members

Navy Federal Credit Union Learn More Annual Percentage Rate (APR) Apply online for personalized rates

Types of loans Conventional, VA, Military Choice, Homebuyers Choice

Terms 10 – 30 years

Credit needed Not disclosed

Minimum down payment 5% for conventional loan, 0% for VA, Military Choice and Homebuyers Choice

Terms apply. Pros 0% down payment for most loans

Origination fee can be waived for 0.25% rate increase

$1,000 rate-match guarantee

No private mortgage insurance required

Up to $9,000 back if you buy or sell through RealtyPlus program. Cons Must be a Navy Federal member to apply

Membership limited to active military, veterans and their families

No USDA or FHA loans Learn More View More

Who's this for? Navy Federal Credit Union is great for current or retired service members and their families. The 1.00% origination fee can be waived if you opt for a 0.25% rate increase instead. Standout benefits: The Military Choice mortgage is similar to a VA loan — with no down payment or private mortgage insurance — but sellers can contribute up to 6% of the home's value toward closing costs. Navy Federal will match a competitor's rate or give you $1,000 after you close with them. [ Jump to more details ]

Best for fast preapproval

Better Mortgage Learn More Annual Percentage Rate (APR) Apply online for personalized rates

Types of loans Conventional, FHA, VA, jumbo

Terms 10–30 years

Credit needed 620

Minimum down payment 5% for conventional loans, 3.5% for FHA loans, 0% for VA loans, 10.01% for jumbo loan Terms apply. Pros No application fee or underwriting fee

Preapproval in as little as three minutes

$100 rate-match guarantee

24/7 customer support Cons Doesn't offer USDA loans

HELOC requires draw of at least 75% of your home's value

No physical branches Learn More View More

Who's this for? Better promises preapproval in just three minutes without impacting your credit score. Standout benefits: Homebuyers also aren't charged an application or underwriting fee. Better will match the mortgage rate offered by an eligible competitor or pay you $100 after closing with them. [ Jump to more details ]

Best for no closing costs

Community Bank, N.A. Learn More Annual Percentage Rate (APR) Apply online for personalized rates

Types of loans Conventional, VA, USDA, construction loan, HomeReady, refinancing, HELOC, home equity loan

Terms Contact the lender for term details

Credit needed Not disclosed

Minimum down payment 3% for conventional and HomeReady loans, 0% for VA and USDA loans Terms apply. Pros Offers a no-closing-cost mortgage

Offers land loan

Offers loan for investment property purchases

Offers HomeReady® loan option from Fannie Mae Cons Loan repayment terms not disclosed on website Learn More View More

Who's this for? Community Bank could be the right choice if you don't want to pay all the upfront mortgage costs right away: Its no-closing-cost mortgage rolls the lender fees into your mortgage balance, so you can pay them off over time. Standout benefits: Community Bank offers both home equity loans and home equity lines of credit, in addition to rate-and-term and cash-out refinancing. [ Jump to more details ]

More on the best mortgages with no origination fees

Ally Bank

Ally is an online-only lender known for its speedy preapproval process, shorter closing times and lack of lender fees. It doesn't offer government-backed USDA, FHA or VA mortgages. Types of mortgages offered Conventional, jumbo, HomeReady and HomeOne, refinancing Minimum down payment 3% for conventional loans, 10.01% for jumbo loans Terms 15 to 30 years [ Return to summary ]

Navy Federal Credit Union

Navy Federal Credit Union is the largest credit union in the U.S., although membership is limited to active duty service members, veterans, Reservists, Department of Defense employees and their immediate family members. Borrowers can apply with non-traditional credit sources, like rent and utility bills. Types of mortgages offered Conventional, jumbo, VA, Military Choice, Homebuyers Choice, refinancing Minimum down payment



3% for a conventional loan; 0% for a VA, Military Choice or Homebuyers Choice loan Terms 10 to 30 years [ Return to summary ]

Better

Better is an online mortgage lender that offers hybrid closings, so you can save time by signing some paperwork electronically. In addition to purchase mortgages, Better offers both home equity loans and home equity lines of credit. Types of mortgages offered Conventional, FHA, jumbo, refinancing Minimum down payment 5% for conventional, 3.5% for FHA, 10.01% for jumbo Terms 10 to 30 years [ Return to summary ]

Community Bank

Community Bank was established in 1866 and has more than 250 branches, primarily in the Northeast. In addition to traditional mortgages, it approves loans for condominiums, mobile homes, land and investment properties and issues both auto and homeowners insurance. Types of mortgages offered Conventional, VA, USDA, construction loan, HomeReady, refinancing, HELOC, Minimum down payment 3%



Terms Contact lender for term details [ Return to summary ]

Types of mortgages

Here are some of the most common types of mortgages you can apply for. Conventional mortgage The most common type of home loan, a conventional mortgage is offered by a private lender, such as a bank or credit union. Conventional loans typically require a down payment between 5% and 20%. FHA loan An FHA loan is still issued by a private lender but it's backed by the Federal Housing Administration. It usually requires a smaller down payment, typically 3.5% with a credit score of 580 or 10% with a score of 500. Jumbo loan A jumbo loan exceeds the limits on mortgages backed by Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac. The conforming loan limit in 2024 is $766,550 in most parts of the U.S., although some high-price areas have limits up to $1,149,825. VA loan A VA loan is guaranteed by the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs. It may be issued by a partner bank or credit union or by the VA directly. These loans usually don't require a down payment but you must be an active service member, a veteran or a surviving spouse to be approved. USDA loan A USDA loan is backed by the U.S. Department of Agriculture and doesn't require a down payment or mortgage insurance. Applicants must meet income requirements, however, and the funds must be used to buy a home in a qualifying rural or suburban area.

FAQs What is an origination fee? An origination fee is charged by a mortgage lender to cover the cost of processing your loan. Origination fees may be lumped in with other upfront costs or waived in exchange for a higher interest rate or some other adjustment to your loan. How much are origination fees? Origination fees are commonly between 0.5% and 1% of your total loan amount. Some lenders charge a fixed amount, regardless of the size of the mortgage. What are lender fees? Lender fees is an umbrella term referring to the various charges associated with processing, approving and funding your loan. These are essentially a subset of closing costs and can include an origination fee, processing fee, underwriting fee and more. How much of a down payment do I need to make? In January 2024, the median down payment was 14.2%, according to data from the real estate data analysis firm ATTOM. You can get a conventional loan with as little as 3% down, however, but down payments of less than 20% often require private mortgage insurance, which can equal 0.50% of your total loan.

Why trust CNBC Select?

At CNBC Select, our mission is to provide our readers with high-quality service journalism and comprehensive consumer advice so they can make informed decisions with their money. Every mortgage review is based on rigorous reporting by our team of expert tors with extensive knowledge of home loan products. While CNBC Select earns a commission from affiliate partners on many offers and links, we create all our content without input from our commercial team or any outside third parties, and we pride ourselves on our journalistic standards and ethics. See our methodology for more information on how we choose the best mortgage lenders with no origination fees.

Subscribe to the CNBC Select Newsletter! Money matters — so make the most of it. Get expert tips, strategies, news and everything else you need to maximize your money, right to your inbox. Sign up here.

Our methodology

To determine which mortgage lenders are the best, CNBC Select analyzed dozens of U.S. mortgages offered by both online and brick-and-mortar banks, including large credit unions, that come with fixed-rate APRs and flexible loan amounts and terms to suit an array of financing needs. When narrowing down and ranking the best mortgages, we focused on the following features: Fixed-rate APR: Variable rates can go up and down over the lifetime of your loan. With a fixed rate APR, you'll lock in an interest rate for the duration of the loan's term, which means your monthly payment won't vary, making your budget easier to plan.

Variable rates can go up and down over the lifetime of your loan. With a fixed rate APR, you'll lock in an interest rate for the duration of the loan's term, which means your monthly payment won't vary, making your budget easier to plan. Types of loans offered: The most common kinds of mortgage loans include conventional loans, FHA loans and VA loans. Lenders may also offer USDA loans and jumbo loans. Having more options available means the lender can cater to a wider range of applicants. We've also considered loans that would suit the needs of borrowers who plan to purchase their second home or a rental property.

The most common kinds of mortgage loans include conventional loans, FHA loans and VA loans. Lenders may also offer USDA loans and jumbo loans. Having more options available means the lender can cater to a wider range of applicants. We've also considered loans that would suit the needs of borrowers who plan to purchase their second home or a rental property. Closing timeline: The lenders on our list are able to offer closing timelines that vary from as promptly as two weeks after the home purchase agreement has been signed to as many as 45 days after the agreement has been signed. Specific closing timelines have been noted for each lender.

The lenders on our list are able to offer closing timelines that vary from as promptly as two weeks after the home purchase agreement has been signed to as many as 45 days after the agreement has been signed. Specific closing timelines have been noted for each lender. Fees: Common fees associated with mortgage applications include origination fees, application fees, underwriting fees, processing fees and administrative fees. We evaluate these fees in addition to other features when determining the overall offer from each lender. Though some lenders on this list do not charge these fees, we have noted any instances where a lender does.

Common fees associated with mortgage applications include origination fees, application fees, underwriting fees, processing fees and administrative fees. We evaluate these fees in addition to other features when determining the overall offer from each lender. Though some lenders on this list do not charge these fees, we have noted any instances where a lender does. Flexible minimum and maximum loan amounts/terms: Each mortgage lender provides a variety of financing options that you can customize based on your monthly budget and how long you need to pay back your loan.

Each mortgage lender provides a variety of financing options that you can customize based on your monthly budget and how long you need to pay back your loan. No early payoff penalties: The mortgage lenders on our list do not charge borrowers for paying off the loan early.

The mortgage lenders on our list do not charge borrowers for paying off the loan early. Streamlined application process: We considered whether lenders offered a convenient, fast online application process and/or an in-person procedure at local branches.

We considered whether lenders offered a convenient, fast online application process and/or an in-person procedure at local branches. Customer support: Every mortgage lender on our list provides customer service via telephone, email or secure online messaging. We also opted for lenders with an online resource hub or advice center to help you educate yourself about the personal loan process and your finances.

Every mortgage lender on our list provides customer service via telephone, email or secure online messaging. We also opted for lenders with an online resource hub or advice center to help you educate yourself about the personal loan process and your finances. Minimum down payment: Although minimum down payment amounts depend on the type of loan a borrower applies for, we noted lenders that offer additional specialty loans that come with a lower minimum down payment amount. Note that the rates and fee structures advertised for mortgages fluctuate in accordance with the Fed rate. However, once you accept your mortgage agreement, a fixed-rate APR will guarantee your interest rate and monthly payment remain consistent throughout the entire term of the loan, unless you choose to refinance your mortgage at a later date for a potentially lower APR. Your APR, monthly payment and loan amount depend on your credit history, creditworthiness, debt-to-income ratio and the desired loan term. To take out a mortgage, lenders will conduct a hard credit inquiry and request a full application, which could require proof of income, identity verification, proof of address and more. Catch up on CNBC Select's in-depth coverage of credit cards, banking and money, and follow us on TikTok, Facebook, Instagram and Twitter to stay up to date.

Editorial Note: Opinions, analyses, reviews or recommendations expressed in this article are those of the Select editorial staff’s alone, and have not been reviewed, approved or otherwise endorsed by any third party.

### DATE: 
2022-08-02

### Summary: 
VA loan A VA loan is guaranteed by the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs.
See our methodology for more information on how we choose the best mortgage lenders with no origination fees.
Types of loans offered: The most common kinds of mortgage loans include conventional loans, FHA loans and VA loans.
Fees: Common fees associated with mortgage applications include origination fees, application fees, underwriting fees, processing fees and administrative fees.
Common fees associated with mortgage applications include origination fees, application fees, underwriting fees, processing fees and administrative fees.

### Keywords: 
best
va
loans
credit
origination
fees
mortgage
lenders
loan
conventional
payment
lender

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 12


### TITLE: 
Best mortgage lenders if you have fair credit

### TEXT: 
Buying a home can be stressful, especially if you're worried that your credit score could limit your chances of getting approved for a mortgage or earning a good interest rate. While lenders typically want to see a FICO score of 620 for a conventional mortgage, many will work with borrowers with fair or average credit (between 580 and 669). We've chosen the best lenders with loans for fair credit, based on rates, mortgage type, down payment requirements and other factors. (See our methodology below.)

Best for flexible credit score requirements: New American Funding

New American Funding Learn More Annual Percentage Rate (APR) Apply online for rates.

Types of loans Conventional, FHA, VA, USDA, jumbo, refinancing, home equity loans, HELOC

Terms 15-year and 30-year terms for fixed-rate mortgages; adjustable-rate mortgages have 5-year, 7-year or 10-year introductory periods

Credit needed 620 for conventional, no credit score requirement for FHA

Minimum down payment 3% for conventional, 3.5% for FHA, 0% for VA or USDA Pros Sample rates available online

Down payment as low as 3%

14-business-day closing guarantee

Offers reverse mortgages Cons Low mortgage origination satisfaction score from J.D. Power

Applications require call back from agent

Fees not disclosed before applying Learn More View More

Who's this for? New American Funding has approved conventional mortgages for lenders with FICO scores as low as 580, compared to the 620 most lenders require. Standout benefits: NAF guarantees closing on most loans within 14 business days, much faster than the industry average of 42 days. The NAF Cash program enables borrowers to make all-cash offers, which can be an asset in a competitive market.

Best for low down payment: Chase Bank

Chase Bank Learn More Annual Percentage Rate (APR) Apply online for personalized rates; fixed-rate and adjustable-rate mortgages included

Types of loans Conventional loans, FHA loans, VA loans, jumbo loans and proprietary low-down-payment DreaMaker℠ and Standard Agency mortgages.

Terms 10 – 30 years

Credit needed 620

Minimum down payment 3% for DreaMaker℠ or Standard Agency loan

Terms apply. Read our Chase mortgage review Pros Chase DreaMaker℠ loan only requires 3% down payment

Existing customers eligible for rate reduction

Above-average customer satisfaction scores

Closing timeline guarantee

Homebuyer grants of up to $7,500 Cons No USDA loans or HELOCs

No closing guarantee for refinancing

Chase homebuyer grant only available in select areas. Learn More View More

Who's this for? Chase Bank's DreaMaker loan allows qualifying homebuyers to put as little as 3% down, making it a good choice if you're making a small down payment. Income requirements for the DreaMaker have been lifted in 15 cities, including Chicago, Dallas, Los Angeles and New York.



Standout benefits: Homebuyers in eligible areas can apply for a $7,500 grant to lower their interest rate or put toward closing costs or a down payment. Existing Chase customers may qualify for a discount on lender fees.

Best for on-time closing: LoanDepot

LoanDepot Learn More Annual Percentage Rate (APR) Apply online for personalized rates

Types of loans Conventional loan, FHA loan, Jumbo loan, VA loan, renovation loan, HELOC and adjustable-rate mortgage (ARM)

Terms 10–30 years

Credit needed As low as 500 for FHA loans with a 10% downpayment; 580 for FHA loans with a 3.5% down payment

Minimum down payment Starting at 3.5% for an FHA loan Terms apply. Pros No lenders fees for existing LoanDepot borrowers when refinancing with LoanDepot

Wide range of loans offered, including FHA loans, VA loans, HELOC and Jumbo loans

Options for an adjustable-rate mortgage (ARM) Cons Doesn't offer USDA loans Learn More View More

Who's this for? LoanDepot offers a $1,000 closing guarantee if you don't close on your mortgage by the specified date.



Standout benefits: First-time homebuyers who buy a home with a mellohome real estate agent and finance through loanDepot may be eligible for up to $4,500 cash back. Lender fees are waived when you refinance your LoanDepot mortgage.

Best for no lender fees: Ally

Ally Home Learn More Annual Percentage Rate (APR) Apply online for personalized rates; fixed-rate and adjustable-rate mortgages included

Types of loans Conventional, jumbo, HomeReady

Terms 15 – 30 years

Credit needed 620

Minimum down payment 5% for conventional loan, 3% for HomeReady loan

Terms apply. Read our Ally Bank mortgage review Pros No lender fees

Preapproval in as little as three minutes

Available in all 50 states

HomeReady loan only requires a 3% down payment Cons No FHA, USDA or VA loans

No home equity lines of credit (HELOC)

No physical branches Learn More View More

Who's this for? Online lender Ally Bank doesn't charge application, origination, processing or underwriting fees, which can add up to 2% of your loan total. On a $300,000 mortgage that could save you $6,000. (You'll still have to pay the appraisal and recording fees, however, and may be charged for title search and insurance.) Standout benefits: You can get preapproved with Ally within three minutes and complete your full application in less than 15 minutes. The HomeReady mortgage for low- to mid-income homebuyers allows you to put down as little as 3%.

Best for affordability: SoFi

SoFi Learn More Annual Percentage Rate (APR) Apply online for personalized rates; fixed-rate and adjustable-rate mortgages included

Types of loans VA loan, FHA loan, conventional loan, fixed-rate loan, adjustable-rate loan, jumbo loan, HELOCS & Closed End Second Mortgages

Terms 10 – 30 years

Credit needed 600

Minimum down payment 3% Terms apply. Pros Fast pre-qualification

Provides access to Mortgage Loan Officers for guidance

0.25% price reduction when you lock in a 30-year rate for a conventional loan

Offers up to $9,500 cash back if you purchase a home through the SoFi Real Estate Center Cons Doesn't offer USDA loans

Mortgage loans are not available in Hawaii Learn More View More

Who's this for? If you're shopping for discounts, SoFi could be the right fit. When you lock in a 30-year fixed mortgage, you can receive a 0.25% discount on your interest rate. If you purchase a home through the SoFi Real Estate Center powered by HomeStory, you can receive up to $9,500 in cash back. Current SoFi bank members can get a $500 discount on their mortgage loan. Standout benefits:

Best for government-backed loans: PNC Bank

PNC Bank Learn More Annual Percentage Rate (APR) Apply online for personalized rates

Types of loans Conventional, FHA, VA, USDA, physician loan, HomeReady and Home Possible, refinancing, HELOC

Terms Fixed: 10 – 30 years, ARM: 7/6 and 10/6

Credit needed 620 for conventional, 640 for USDA, 620 for FHA, 680 for jumbo,

Minimum down payment 3% for conventional, 3.5% for FHA, 0% for USDA or VA, 15% for jumbo loan

Terms apply. Read our PNC Bank mortgage review Pros Lower-than-average rates

Issues loans in all 50 states and Washington, DC

Offers USDA loans

PNC Community Loan requires only 3% down and no PMI

$7,500 grant for down payment or closing cost Cons No home renovation or home equity loans

High credit score requirement for FHA mortgage

Rated below average for customer satisfaction by J.D. Power Learn More View More

Who's this for? Since they're guaranteed by government agencies USDA, FHA and VA loans have more flexible credit requirements. And PNC Bank is one of the rare lenders that offers all three options.



Standout benefits: The PNC Bank Community Loan allows homebuyers to put down as little as 3% with no mortgage insurance.

Best for military members and veterans: Navy Federal Credit Union

Navy Federal Credit Union Learn More Annual Percentage Rate (APR) Apply online for personalized rates

Types of loans Conventional, VA, Military Choice, Homebuyers Choice

Terms 10 – 30 years

Credit needed Not disclosed

Minimum down payment 5% for conventional loan, 0% for VA, Military Choice and Homebuyers Choice

Terms apply. Pros 0% down payment for most loans

Origination fee can be waived for 0.25% rate increase

$1,000 rate-match guarantee

No private mortgage insurance required

Up to $9,000 back if you buy or sell through RealtyPlus program. Cons Must be a Navy Federal member to apply

Membership limited to active military, veterans and their families

No USDA or FHA loans Learn More View More

Who's this for? Navy Federal Credit Union approves home loans for active-duty military, veterans and their families. If you have a limited credit history, NFCU will consider the banking history of existing customers, as well as non-traditional credit sources, like proof of on-time rent and utility bill payments. Standout benefits: Like a VA loan, the Military Choice mortgage doesn't require a down payment or private mortgage insurance, but sellers can contribute up to 6% of the home's value toward closing costs.

Navy Federal's origination fee can be waived if you opt for a 0.25% rate increase instead.

Calculate your monthly mortgage payments

New American Funding

Orange County, California-based New American Funding is a direct mortgage lender servicing over 266,000 loans valued at $70 billion. While it ranked below average in JD Power's mortgage origination survey, NAF lands near the top for mortgage servicers and received an A from the Better Business Bureau. Nationwide availability

Available in all U.S. states and Washington, D.C. Types of mortgages offered

Conventional, jumbo, FHA, VA, USDA Minimum credit score

620 for conventional loans Minimum down payment

3% for conventional, 3.5% for FHA loans, 0% for VA or USDA [ Return to summary ]

Chase Bank

If you want an in-person experience, Chase Bank has branches in 48 states and mortgage advisors in 38. It's also a top choice for customer service, with high scores on J.D. Power's mortgage origination and servicing surveys and an A+ from the Better Business Bureau. Nationwide availability

Available in all 50 states and Washington, D.C. Types of mortgages

Conventional, FHA, VA, DreaMaker, jumbo, refinancing Minimum credit score

620 for conventional, 500 for FHA loans, 620 for VA loans Minimum down payment

3% for DreaMaker, 3.5% for FHA loan, 0% for VA loans [ Return to summary ]

LoanDepot

LoanDepot is one of the nation's largest nonbank mortgage originators, funding more than $300 billion since its founding in 2010. It scored above average on J.D. Power's 2024 U.S. Mortgage Servicer Satisfaction Study and earned an A+ from the Better Business Bureau. Nationwide availability

Available in all 50 states and Washington, D.C. Types of mortgages offered

Conventional, FHA, USDA, VA, jumbo, refinancing, HELOC Minimum credit score

620 for conventional Minimum down payment

5% for conventional, 3.5% for FHA, 0% for VA and USDA loans [return to summary]

Ally Bank

Online lender Ally Bank traces its roots back to 1919, when General Motors launched the General Motors Acceptance Corporation (GMAC) to provide financing to its customers. It rebranded as Ally Financial in 2010, and began offering direct-to-consumer home loans in 2016. Ally doesn't offer government-backed purchase or refinance mortgages, like FHA or VA loans, but it does issue Fannie Mae-backed HomeReady loans, which only require 3% down and a DTI of 50%. Nationwide availability

Available in all 50 states and Washington, D.C. Types of mortgages offered

Conventional, HomeReady, jumbo, refinancing Minimum credit score

620 Minimum down payment

3% with conventional loans [ Return to summary ]

SoFi

Started a student loan refinancing operation at Stanford University, SoFi has expanded to offer a portfolio of financial services. While it has an A+ rating from the Better Business Bureau, SoFi was not included on J.D. Power's mortgage origination and servicer surveys and was rated below average on the 2024 Direct Banking Satisfaction Study. Nationwide availability

Available in all 50 states and Washington, D.C. Types of mortgages offered

Conventional, FHA, VA, HomeReady, Home Possible, jumbo, refinancing, HELOC Minimum credit score

620 for conventional, 600 for VA, 700 for jumbo loan Minimum down payment

3% with conventional loans, 3.5% with FHA loans, 0% with VA loans. [ Return to summary ]

PNC Bank

PNC Bank is one of the ten largest mortgage originators in the U.S. by volume. It received an A+ rating from the Better Business Bureau but ranked poorly for customer satisfaction on J.D. Power's mortgage origination and servicing surveys. Nationwide availability

Available in all U.S. states and Washington, D.C. Types of mortgages offered

Conventional, FHA, USDA, VA, HomeReady, Home Possible, jumbo, refinancing, HELOC Minimum credit score

620 for conventional Minimum down payment

3% with conventional, 3.5% for FHA loans, 0% with USDA loans, 0% with VA loan [ Return to summary ]

Navy Federal Credit Union

Navy Federal Credit Union membership is limited to active service members, veterans, Defense Department employees and their families. NFCU received above-average customer satisfaction scores on J.D. Power's mortgage origination and servicer studies. Nationwide availability

Available in all U.S. states and Washington, D.C. Types of mortgages offered

Conventional, VA, Military Choice, Homebuyers Choice, jumbo, refinancing, HELOC Minimum credit score

Not disclosed Minimum down payment

0% for VA, Military Choice or Homebuyers Choice loans; 3% for conventional loans



[ Return to summary ]

How your credit score affects your interest rate

Mortgage lenders use your FICO credit score to decide whether to approve your application and what interest rate to charge you.



Generally speaking, the higher your credit score, the lower your rate: Borrowers with credit scores of 760 or higher usually get the best rates.

FICO Score Rating 800 to 850 Exceptional 740 to 799 Very good 670 to 739 Good 580 to 669 Fair/average 300 to 579 Bad



What credit score do you need to buy a house?

The FICO credit score you need for approval depends on the type of mortgage. Conventional loan Conventional mortgages make up nearly three-quarters of all home loans. While lenders typically want to see a FICO score of 620 or better, there are options for borrowers with lower credit scores. Some will also consider nontraditional sources, like your banking history or on-time bill payments. FHA loans Insured by the Federal Housing Administration, FHA loans typically require a credit score of 500 and a 10% down payment. If you have a score of 580 or better, however, you can put down just 3.5%. VA loans Insured by the U.S. Department of Veteran Affairs, VA loans are available to current and former service members and their spouses. While the VA doesn't set any credit score requirements, most lenders will want a 620. USDA loans A USDA loan is insured by the U.S. Department of Agriculture and is meant for low- to moderate-income borrowers buying a home in a designated rural or suburban area.



The USDA doesn't set a minimum credit score requirement, though most lenders will want borrowers to have at least a 620. Jumbo loan A jumbo loan exceeds the limits for mortgages set by the Federal Housing Finance Agency, which means they can't be insured by FHA or bought by Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac. Since that puts lenders at increased risk, they require a higher credit score — typically a 700.

Mortgage type Minimum credit score Conventional loan 620 Jumbo loan 700 FHA loan 580 (or 500 with 10% down) VA loan 620 USDA loan 640



FAQs What credit score do I need to get a mortgage? Lenders typically want a credit score of 620 for a conventional loan. Because they're backed by the government, however, FHA loans are available to borrowers with scores as low as 500, though they will have to make a larger down payment. What credit score do I need to get the best mortgage rate? Lenders set their own rates and weigh credit scores differently. Typically, a FICO score of 760 will qualify you for the best rates. What is considered fair credit? Using FICO, a fair credit score is between 580 and 669. A fair score with VantageScore is between 601 and 660. Depending on where you fall in that range, you may meet the 620 score requirement lenders generally set for conventional loans — although you won't qualify for the best rates. How can I get a mortgage with bad credit? There are several mortgages with lower credit requirements, including VA and FHA loans, though they typically have income or service requirements. Another option is non-qualified mortgages, which don't meet the standards set by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. They have laxer credit standards and can help borrowers who have been denied approval for a mortgage, have a nontraditional income stream or lack a credit history in the U.S.

Why trust CNBC Select?

At CNBC Select, our mission is to provide our readers with high-quality service journalism and comprehensive consumer advice so they can make informed decisions with their money. Every mortgage review is based on rigorous reporting by our team of expert writers and editors with extensive knowledge of mortgage products. While CNBC Select earns a commission from affiliate partners on many offers and links, we create all our content without input from our commercial team or any outside third parties, and we pride ourselves on our journalistic standards and ethics. See our methodology for more information on how we choose the best average credit mortgages.

Subscribe to the CNBC Select Newsletter! Money matters — so make the most of it. Get expert tips, strategies, news and everything else you need to maximize your money, right to your inbox. Sign up here.

Our methodology

To determine which mortgage lenders are the best, CNBC Select analyzed dozens of U.S. mortgages offered by both online and brick-and-mortar banks, including large credit unions, that come with fixed-rate APRs and flexible loan amounts and terms to suit an array of financing needs. When narrowing down and ranking the best mortgages, we focused on the following features: Fixed-rate APR: Variable rates can go up and down over the lifetime of your loan. With a fixed rate APR, you lock in an interest rate for the duration of the loan's term, which means your monthly payment won't vary, making your budget easier to plan.

Variable rates can go up and down over the lifetime of your loan. With a fixed rate APR, you lock in an interest rate for the duration of the loan's term, which means your monthly payment won't vary, making your budget easier to plan. Types of loans offered: The most common kinds of mortgage loans include conventional loans, FHA loans and VA loans. In addition to these loans, lenders may also offer USDA loans and jumbo loans. Having more options available means the lender can cater to a wider range of applicant needs. We have also considered loans that would suit the needs of borrowers who plan to purchase their second home or a rental property.

The most common kinds of mortgage loans include conventional loans, FHA loans and VA loans. In addition to these loans, lenders may also offer USDA loans and jumbo loans. Having more options available means the lender can cater to a wider range of applicant needs. We have also considered loans that would suit the needs of borrowers who plan to purchase their second home or a rental property. Closing timeline: The lenders on our list offer closing timelines that vary from as promptly as two weeks after the home purchase agreement has been signed to as many as 45 days.

The lenders on our list offer closing timelines that vary from as promptly as two weeks after the home purchase agreement has been signed to as many as 45 days. Fees: Common fees associated with mortgage applications include origination fees, application fees, underwriting fees, processing fees and administrative fees. We evaluate these fees in addition to other features when determining the overall offer from each lender. We have noted any instances where a lender does charge such fees.

Common fees associated with mortgage applications include origination fees, application fees, underwriting fees, processing fees and administrative fees. We evaluate these fees in addition to other features when determining the overall offer from each lender. We have noted any instances where a lender does charge such fees. Flexible minimum and maximum loan amounts/terms: Each mortgage lender provides a variety of financing options that you can customize based on your monthly budget and how long you need to pay back your loan.

Each mortgage lender provides a variety of financing options that you can customize based on your monthly budget and how long you need to pay back your loan. Streamlined application process: We considered whether lenders offered a convenient, fast online application process and/or an in-person procedure at local branches.

We considered whether lenders offered a convenient, fast online application process and/or an in-person procedure at local branches. Customer support: Every mortgage lender on our list provides customer service available via telephone, email or secure online messaging. We also opted for lenders with an online resource hub or advice center to help you educate yourself about the personal loan process and your finances.

Every mortgage lender on our list provides customer service available via telephone, email or secure online messaging. We also opted for lenders with an online resource hub or advice center to help you educate yourself about the personal loan process and your finances. Minimum down payment: Although minimum down payment amounts depend on the type of loan a borrower applies for, we noted lenders that offer specialty loans with lower minimum down payment requirements. After reviewing the above features, we sorted our recommendations by best for flexible credit score requirements, for low down payment options, for fast preapproval, for affordability and for military members and veterans. Rates and fee structures cited for mortgages are subject to change with the Fed rate. Catch up on CNBC Select's in-depth coverage of credit cards, banking and money, and follow us on TikTok, Facebook, Instagram and Twitter to stay up to date.

Editorial Note: Opinions, analyses, reviews or recommendations expressed in this article are those of the Select editorial staff’s alone, and have not been reviewed, approved or otherwise endorsed by any third party.

### DATE: 
2022-05-25

### Summary: 
We've chosen the best lenders with loans for fair credit, based on rates, mortgage type, down payment requirements and other factors.
VA loans Insured by the U.S. Department of Veteran Affairs, VA loans are available to current and former service members and their spouses.
Mortgage type Minimum credit score Conventional loan 620 Jumbo loan 700 FHA loan 580 (or 500 with 10% down) VA loan 620 USDA loan 640FAQs What credit score do I need to get a mortgage?
Types of loans offered: The most common kinds of mortgage loans include conventional loans, FHA loans and VA loans.
The most common kinds of mortgage loans include conventional loans, FHA loans and VA loans.

### Keywords: 
fha
best
va
fair
loans
score
credit
mortgage
lenders
loan
conventional
usda
payment

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 13


### TITLE: 
Pros and cons of an adjustable-rate mortgage (ARM)

### TEXT: 
What is an adjustable-rate mortgage?

An adjustable-rate mortgage (ARM) has a rate that fluctuates over set intervals. During the initial repayment period, which is typically between five and ten years, your rate will stay the same. It will probably be lower than the rate you'd get with a fixed-rate mortgage. The trade-off, however, is that once the introductory phase ends, your rate adjusts every six or 12 months for the remainder of your term. Those rate changes are tied to market fluctuations, so if there's a drop in the benchmark index your lender selects when your ARM resets, your rate will go down. If there's an increase in that benchmark, however, that rate will go up. Your mortgage offer will detail your initial interest rate and the frequency of rate fluctuations. After closing, the only way to change these terms is to refinance to another ARM or to a fixed-rate mortgage.

Pro tip: Adjustable-rate mortgages are listed as fractions ARM terms are typically listed as a fraction — the top number is your fixed introductory period and the lower figure is the frequency at which the rate will fluctuate afterward. A 5/1 ARM, for example, has a set rate for five years and then it resets every year. A 5/6 ARM has a five-year fixed period, then adjusts every six months.



The most common terms for ARMs are 5/1, 5/6, 7/1, 7/6, 10/1 and 10/6.

Best adjustable-rate mortgage lenders

Most lenders offer ARMs, but we've selected three of the best options based on affordability, ease of applying, customer satisfaction, unique benefits and other factors. Best customer service: Rocket Mortgage

Rocket Mortgage Learn More Annual Percentage Rate (APR) Apply online for personalized rates; fixed-rate and adjustable-rate mortgages are available.

Types of loans Conventional loans, FHA loans, VA loans, Jumbo loans, low-down-payment mortgages

Terms 10-, 15- and 30-year fixed-term conventional loans, 30-year VA and FHA loans, custom mortgages with fixed-rate terms from 8 to 29 years.

Credit needed 620 for conventional loans

Minimum down payment 0% for VA, 1% for RocketONE+, 3% for conventional, 3.5% for FHA, 10% to 15% for jumbo

Already have a mortgage through Rocket Mortgage or looking to start one? Check out the Rocket Visa Signature Card to learn how you can earn rewards. Read our review of Rocket Mortgage

Chase Bank Learn More Annual Percentage Rate (APR) Apply online for personalized rates; fixed-rate and adjustable-rate mortgages included

Types of loans Conventional loans, FHA loans, VA loans, DreaMaker℠ loans and Jumbo loans

Terms 10 – 30 years

Credit needed 620

Minimum down payment 3% if moving forward with a DreaMaker℠ loan

Terms apply.

Offers first-time homebuyer assistance? Yes — click here for details

Chase Bank has over 4,800 branches in 48 states and the District of Columbia, the most of any bank in the U.S. In addition, Chase offers lower-than-average rates and current bank customers can qualify for a mortgage rate discount of up to 0.25%.



Chase offers 5/6 and 7/6 ARMs and 10/6 interest-only jumbo ARMs. Best for military and veterans: First Federal Bank

First Federal Bank Mortgage Lenders Learn More Annual Percentage Rate (APR) Apply online for personalized rates

Types of loans Conventional, fixed-rate, adjustable-rate, VA, FHA, USDA, refinance, jumbo

Terms Conventional: 15, and 30-year; ARM: 3/1, 5/1, 7/1 and 10/1

Credit needed 620 for conventional

Minimum down payment 3.5% with an FHA loan; 0% with VA or USDA loan

Kansas-based First Federal Bank doesn't charge lender fees on VA loans, which can normally be as much as 6% of your loan total, and received an A+ from the Better Business Bureau First Federal offers ARMs in terms of 3/1, 5/1, 7/1 and 10/1. Down payment assistance grants are available to Floridians in select areas, but mortgages are available nationwide.

ARM lenders comparison chart Minimum credit score required ARM loan types Better Business Bureau rating Rocket Mortgage 620 FHA ARM, VA ARM, 7/6 ARM, 10/6 ARM A+ Chase Bank 620 5/6 ARM, 7/6 ARM, 10/6 interest-only jumbo ARM A+ Ally Bank 620 7/6 ARM A



Pros and cons of adjustable-rate mortgages

The benefits and drawbacks of an ARM Pros Lower introductory rate. You'll start with a lower interest rate than with a fixed-rate mortgage.

You'll start with a lower interest rate than with a fixed-rate mortgage. Your mortgage payment could decrease. If rates decrease by the time your ARM resets, your monthly mortgage payments will shrink.

If rates decrease by the time your ARM resets, your monthly mortgage payments will shrink. Option to refinance. You can refinance your ARM mortgage it into a fixed-rate mortgage. Cons Your rate could increase. After the fixed period ends, your rate will change at regular intervals. Hopefully, it will drop, but it could rise.

After the fixed period ends, your rate will change at regular intervals. Hopefully, it will drop, but it could rise. Monthly payments will fluctuate. A fixed-rate loan allows you to predict housing costs throughout the life of your loan. With an ARM, your monthly payments could fluctuate greatly every six months.

A fixed-rate loan allows you to predict housing costs throughout the life of your loan. With an ARM, your monthly payments could fluctuate greatly every six months. Penalty for refinancing. If you refinance to get a lower rate, your lender could hit you with a prepayment penalty.

FAQ How is an adjustable-rate mortgage different from a fixed-rate mortgage? Fixed-rate mortgages maintain the same interest rate over the loan's term. Adjustable-rate mortgages have a fixed rate for a set number of years. After that, the rate resets every six months or year. Who is an adjustable-rate mortgage good for? ARMs can benefit a variety of homebuyers, especially if you don't expect to stay in the house for more than a few years. If you have a 7/1 ARM and plan on selling within four years, you would benefit from the lower initial rate. If you expect rates to drop by the time your initial fixed phase expires, an ARM could also be a good idea. What is the main downside of an adjustable-rate mortgage? The biggest risk of an ARM is that, after the initial fixed-rate period expires, your rate could increase, pushing up your monthly mortgage payment.

Subscribe to the CNBC Select Newsletter! Money matters — so make the most of it. Get expert tips, strategies, news and everything else you need to maximize your money, right to your inbox. Sign up here.

Why trust CNBC Select?

At CNBC Select, our mission is to provide our readers with high-quality service journalism and comprehensive consumer advice so they can make informed decisions with their money. Every mortgage article is based on rigorous reporting by our expert writers and editors with extensive knowledge of mortgage products. While CNBC Select earns a commission from affiliate partners on many offers and links, we create all our content without input from our commercial team or any outside third parties, and we pride ourselves on our journalistic standards and ethics. Catch up on CNBC Select's in-depth coverage of credit cards, banking and money, and follow us on TikTok, Facebook, Instagram and Twitter to stay up to date.

Editorial Note: Opinions, analyses, reviews or recommendations expressed in this article are those of the Select editorial staff’s alone, and have not been reviewed, approved or otherwise endorsed by any third party.

### DATE: 
2022-05-19

### Summary: 
An adjustable-rate mortgage (ARM) has a rate that fluctuates over set intervals.
After closing, the only way to change these terms is to refinance to another ARM or to a fixed-rate mortgage.
ARM lenders comparison chart Minimum credit score required ARM loan types Better Business Bureau rating Rocket Mortgage 620 FHA ARM, VA ARM, 7/6 ARM, 10/6 ARM A+ Chase Bank 620 5/6 ARM, 7/6 ARM, 10/6 interest-only jumbo ARM A+ Ally Bank 620 7/6 ARM APros and cons of adjustable-rate mortgagesThe benefits and drawbacks of an ARM Pros Lower introductory rate.
You can refinance your ARM mortgage it into a fixed-rate mortgage.
FAQ How is an adjustable-rate mortgage different from a fixed-rate mortgage?

### Keywords: 
lower
va
mortgages
loans
bank
pros
cons
adjustablerate
arm
mortgage
rate
fixedrate

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 14


### TITLE: 
Credit repair services can dispute credit report errors for you, but beware of scams and high fees

### TEXT: 
If you’re struggling with bad credit, you may stumble upon credit repair companies that boast the ability to clean up your credit report. These companies often target consumers with less-than-stellar credit and debt, hoping to acquire your business when you’re down on your luck. While signing up for a credit repair service can seem like a simple solution to your credit issues, these companies charge fees that can put you in more of a predicament. With just a little research and time out of your schedule, you may find you can easily dispute errors on your own at no cost. Before you work with a credit repair company, consider exactly what they offer and at what cost, as well as how you can clean up your credit for free.

What is credit repair?

Credit repair is the process of hiring a company to fix your bad credit through the removal of inaccurate, negative information on your credit reports. A credit repair company works on your behalf to remove this information by communicating with the credit bureaus (Experian, Equifax and TransUnion) and/or financial companies, like your bank or a debt collector, to dispute the errors. There can be a lot of back and forth, but the end goal is to have negative information deleted from your credit file so your credit rating improves. Credit repair companies don't help you manage your money, which is a different service offered by credit counseling companies like the National Federation for Credit Counseling (NFCC) and the Financial Counseling Association of America (FCAA).

How much does credit repair cost?

Credit repair services aren’t free, but you won’t incur a fee until services are delivered. Fees are charged in one of two ways: monthly or per item removed from your credit report. Monthly subscriptions charge you for services provided during the previous 30 days, while the latter only charges you once info is removed from your credit file. The exact fees vary by service, but they can add up to hundreds or thousands of dollars every year.

What to watch out for with credit repair companies

Credit repair services aren’t always reliable or truthful. In fact, the CFPB found that more than half of people who submitted complaints about credit repair companies cited “fraud or scam.” Thankfully, there are consumer protections. If you opt to use a credit repair company, you’re protected under the Credit Repair Organizations Act (CROA), which regulates how these companies can operate. Some key points include: Consumers have three business days to cancel a contract without charge.

Companies can’t guarantee that they can remove information from your credit reports.

Companies can’t advise you to make false statements or change your identity to prevent the credit bureaus from associating information with you.

Consumers can’t be charged any fee for services that haven’t been fully rendered. Before signing up for any credit repair service, make sure they follow the CROA rules and look out for possible red flags, such as payments being demanded upfront or results that sound too good to be true. The CFPB lists more ways to avoid being misled by credit repair companies. And better yet, dispute any errors on your credit report on your own. There is no fee to clean up your credit and you’ll avoid misleading companies that may take advantage of your poor credit standing. Remember that even if you pay to have information removed from your credit report, there's no guarantee that it'll boost your credit score.

How to clean up your credit for free

Editorial Note: Opinions, analyses, reviews or recommendations expressed in this article are those of the Select editorial staff’s alone, and have not been reviewed, approved or otherwise endorsed by any third party.

### DATE: 
2020-11-17

### Summary: 
If you’re struggling with bad credit, you may stumble upon credit repair companies that boast the ability to clean up your credit report.
Credit repair services aren’t free, but you won’t incur a fee until services are delivered.
Fees are charged in one of two ways: monthly or per item removed from your credit report.
What to watch out for with credit repair companiesCredit repair services aren’t always reliable or truthful.
If you opt to use a credit repair company, you’re protected under the Credit Repair Organizations Act (CROA), which regulates how these companies can operate.

### Keywords: 
high
scams
services
credit
company
clean
fees
repair
information
beware
service
report
youre
errors
dispute
companies

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 15


### TITLE: 
Everything you need to know about the most popular buy now, pay later apps

### TEXT: 
When you're ready to purchase a new coat from Neiman Marcus or a new iPhone from Apple, you have the option of financing the cost of your order over time with buy now, pay later. BNPL, also known as point-of-sale loans, is kind of like a modern-day layaway option: Consumers can buy items online or in-store, and then split up the cost of a purchase over a few weeks or a few months with regular installment payments rather than pay for the entire purchase up front. There are many BNPL providers that have emerged in the past few years, and consumers are increasingly flocking to them to finance everything from clothing to travel to workout equipment. As long as you make your payments on time, BNPL services can also help you build credit. With so many buy now, pay later options available to consumers, which provider is best? And for who? When compiling this round-up of popular BNPL options, CNBC Select looked at factors like APR, late fees, available merchants, whether a credit check is performed and if the provider reports to the credit bureaus to help you determine which provider is best for you. (See our methodology for more info on how we reviewed each POS loan.)

The best buy now, pay later apps

Affirm

Affirm Learn More Interest rates 0% to 36%

Loan terms One to 48 months

Fees There are no late fees, but making late payments can affect your ability to get a loan in the future and possibly your credit score.

Return policy Customers are only refunded the principal amount, so if you don't have a 0% loan, you won't be refunded for the interest you paid before making the return.

Available merchants Affirm has more than 245,000 merchants including Amazon, Peloton, adidas and Target. Through affirm.com or the Affirm app, consumers are also able to use the BNPL option at any retailer, either online or in-store, that aren't integrated with the company. Consumers will receive a single-use virtual card to pay for their purchases.

Loan amounts Up to $25,000 on a purchase. Pros Doesn't charge any late fees

There are a lot of merchants that offer 0% APR

You can use Affirm at whatever online or in-person retailer you choose to with its app or via its website

The 0% 4 biweekly payment loans are not reported to the credit bureaus Cons Loans that are reported to the credit bureaus could end up hurting your credit score regardless of whether you pay them off on time and in full

You could end up paying a high interest rate if you can't secure a 0% loan Learn More View More

Who's this for? Affirm is a good choice if you need a longer-term financing option with a 0% APR and no late fees. It offers POS loans ranging from one to 60 months with a limit of $25,000 per loan. Affirm is one of the few buy now, pay later providers that offer consumers long-term financing options with a 0% APR. However, the interest rate that you manage to secure on your loan depends on a variety of factors — including the purchase amount, length of payment term and the merchant — so you could end up with an APR as high as 36%. If you manage to secure a 0% loan, you also don't have to worry about late fees, which is rare. However, if you're late with payments, you might not able to get a loan from Affirm in the future, and it could potentially affect your credit score. Affirm uses a soft credit check when approving consumers for loans. It also reports some loans to the credit bureau Experian. It doesn't report 0% four-biweekly payment loans or 0% loans with a three-month repayment period. Your payment history, how much credit you've used, late payments and how long you've had the credit line open can affect your credit score. Affirm is a good choice because of its widespread availability: You can essentially use it on any purchase anywhere by using the Affirm website or the app. In addition to the hundreds of thousands of merchants that partner with Affirm, consumers are able to use the BNPL option at any retailer, either online or in-store, that aren't integrated with the company through Affirm's website or mobile app. Consumers will receive a single-use virtual card through the website or the app to pay for their purchases wherever they want. While the Better Business Bureau gives Affirm an A- rating (you can read more about the BBB rating process here), customer reviews are not so good. It has a 1.16/5 average rating based on over 700 customer reviews on the BBB website at the time of writing. The customer complaints range from not being able to get ahold of customer service to not being able to obtain a refund.

Afterpay

Afterpay Learn More Interest rates 0%

Loan terms Afterpay only offers 1 loan option: Customers can make 4 installment payments over 6 weeks. You have to make one down payment (typically 25% of the order), and then a payment once every two weeks.

Fees Afterpay does charge late fees: $8 or 25% of the transaction, whichever is less.

Return policy In order to return items, you'll have to go through the merchant first. Since you don't pay interest on your Afterpay loan, you don't have to worry about not being refunded for interest. Afterpay also offers partial refunds on orders. However, you will still be on the hook for payments until the merchant has accepted and processed the return.

Available merchants Approximately 100,000 merchants globally. Consumers can also use the Afterpay Card to pay for purchases in store. However, this is only available for some customers to use at select retailers such as Amazon, CVS, Target, Nordstrom and Macy's.

Loan amount The amount of credit you can access depends on how long you've been an Afterpay customer and on whether you're making your payments on time and in full. A new user will be able to spend less than someone with a longer history. The more you use Afterpay, the more you can spend with it. Pros 0% interest on all credit options

Doesn't perform a credit check

Doesn't report to the credit bureaus so it won't affect your credit score Cons There's a $8 fee for each late installment payment

Consumers are unlikely get approved for higher credit limit until you've been a repeat customer Learn More View More

Who's this for? Afterpay doesn't consider itself a POS loan provider because it doesn't charge interest on its loans, but it is commonly referred to as a buy now, pay later provider so we've included them in this round-up. Afterpay is best for people who can make their payments on time, need a short-term financing option with 0% interest and don't want the loan to affect their credit score. The company offers one product: a financing option with four installment payments due every two weeks over a six-week term. You make one down payment at the time of purchase (typically 25% of the order) and then pay the rest over six weeks. There isn't a limit on how much credit you can take out with Afterpay. Your credit limit depends on how long you've been an Afterpay customer, and whether you're making your payments on time and in full. A new user will likely have a lower limit than someone with a long history, so if it's your first time using Afterpay, you might have to stick with purchasing smaller-ticket items. The average Afterpay order is only $150. One major advantage of using Afterpay, over other POS providers, is that it doesn't affect your credit score at all — the company doesn't check your credit score, and it doesn't report any loan information to the credit bureaus. A major drawback of using Afterpay are the late fees. You'll be hit with an $8 fee, or 25% of your transaction, whichever is less, for each late payment. If you fail to make a payment, you won't have access to the platform to take out a new loan until you make a payment. When it comes to availability, Afterpay can be used at more than 100,000 merchants around the world including American Eagle, Bed Bath and Beyond and lululemon. Afterpay also offers some consumers the ability to use the app to make purchases at select retailers such as Nike, Kroger, Amazon and Macy's. Whenever you use the app, you'll be given a one-time virtual card. Much like the other POS providers in this round-up, Afterpay has poor customer service reviews on the Better Business Bureau website. It had a 1.17/5 average rating based on 398 customer reviews at the time of writing. Many of the customer complaints focused on canceled orders from the merchant or failure to receive a refund from Afterpay. BBB gives Afterpay a B rating based on its own rating system.

Sezzle

Sezzle Interest rates 0%

Length of loans offered Sezzle has one short-term product which is 4 installments over 6 weeks. If you take advantage of the free reschedule of one of your payments, you can technically pay over 8 weeks.

Late fees Sezzle doesn't technically charge late fees but they will charge you if your payment fails or if one of your payments is rescheduled. Failed payment fees are typically $10 but it depends on state regulations.

You're allowed to reschedule one payment per order for free. Reschedule fees are $5 but they also depend on state regulations.

Return policy The merchant must first send the refund to Sezzle. After Sezzle has processed it, your future payments will be cancelled and your past payments will be refunded to the original payment method.

Available Merchants Sezzle has 41,800 active merchants such as Target and GameStop.

Value limits The value limit is $2500 per order. Pros Doesn't report to the credit bureaus so it can't help or harm your credit score

Offers you the option to reschedule a payment, so you can technically pay over 2 months instead of 6 weeks Cons Has a more limited range of merchants and you can only use it at specific merchants unlike other providers

Only offers one short-term credit option so it's not a great choice if you need a longer repayment period View More

Who's this for? Sezzle, a Minneapolis-based buy now, pay later provider, is best for people who want a short-term loan, no interest, no reporting to the credit bureaus and flexible payment dates. It's one of the few BNPL providers that allow customers to reschedule one payment per purchase. Sezzle offers short-term and long-term financing options. Its short-term financing option is a six-week loan where consumers make a down payment and bi-weekly installment payments on purchases up to $2,500. If you choose to reschedule a payment, you could pay off your loan over two months. The long-term financing option, known as Sezzle + Ally, allows consumers to finance purchases worth up to $40,000 with a loan length of up to 60 months (your payments are monthly with this option). However, you may have to pay interest for this option. While Sezzle technically doesn't charge late fees, you will get charged 'failed payment' fees if your card is expired or you have insufficient funds on your debit card or in your bank account. This fee can be up to $10, but it depends on state regulations. Sezzle has over 40,000 partner merchants, but it's not connected with as many well-known or popular retailers as other BNPL providers. You can use the service both in-person and online, but you're limited to using it at partner merchants. You just sign up for Sezzle virtual card through the app and then add it to your Google Pay or Apple Pay and use it at checkout like you would any other virtual card. Sezzle only has a few reviews on BBB but they're mostly negative. They have a 1.21/5 average rating based on 110 customer reviews at the time of writing. BBB gives it an A+ rating based on its own rating system, and it is not accredited.

Zip (formerly known as Quadpay)

Zip (previously known as Quadpay) Learn More Interest rates 0%

Loan terms 4 interest‑free installment payments over 6 weeks

Fees Zip installment fees are $4 for purchases from $35 to $99.99, $5 for purchases from $100 to $199.99, and $6 for purchases $200 and above.

Zip will charge a $7 late fee for each late installment payment (this amount may vary by statute and state). If a customer is one day late with their payment, or if a customer has a delayed paycheck, Zip may be willing to move payment due dates.

Return policy Customers have to go through the merchant for their refund. Once the merchant has processed the refund, a refund is processed by Zip and the customer will get their money back.

Available merchants Zip is connected with over 51,000 merchants globally, including Target, North Face and Wrangler. Consumers are also able to use an app or Chrome extension to make a purchase with retailers that are not integrated with Zip. Customers will receive a virtual, one-time card to fund their purchase either in-store or online.

Loan amounts Typical purchase amounts range between $35 and $1,500, but maximum amounts vary by retailer. Pros Doesn't perform a credit check

Doesn't report to the credit bureaus so using the service won't help or hurt your credit score

0% interest Cons There's a minimum $4 fee for each loan you take out ($1 for each payment)

There's a $7 fee for each late installment payment

You can only opt for a 6 week BNPL option so it's not a good choice if you need a longer repayment period Learn More View More

Who's this for? Zip, formerly known as Quadpay, is a buy now, pay later service available internationally. Zip is a good choice for consumers who want to use a BNPL option wherever they shop and don't want it to affect their credit score. Zip has one product that's similar to Afterpay: consumers can make a purchase and pay it off in four interest‑free installment payments over six weeks. Much like PayPal 'Pay in 4', Zip has a value limit on orders, so you can generally only spend up to $1,500 (but maximum amounts vary by retailer). Much like the other BNPL providers, Zip doesn't report these loans to the credit bureaus. It also doesn't perform any credit checks before approving customers for a loan. One of the major perks of Zip is how easy it is to use at most retailers. Zip is connected to over 51,000 merchants globally, including Sears, Target, Apple, Zara and ASOS, and customers can also use the app or the browser extension to shop at retailers that are not integrated with Zip. Whenever you use the app or the browser extension, you'll receive a virtual, one-time card to fund your purchase either in-store or online. That means you can use Zip to pay for dinner or groceries in person as well as for your online clothing orders. However, Zip does come with one major drawback: It's the only BNPL provider we reviewed that charges a convenience fee. Zip charges customers $1 per payment they make or a $4 fee for their order. There is some flexibility with payment due dates. If a customer is one day late for payment or has a delayed paycheck, Zip may move payment due dates if you contact the company and request more time. Of the BNPL providers that we reviewed, Zip also has the highest customer satisfaction rating with the BBB with a 4.2/5 average rating based on over 1,000 customer reviews at the time of writing. BBB gives it a B rating based on its own rating system, and Zip is not accredited.

'Pay in 4' with PayPal

'Pay in 4' with PayPal Learn More Interest rates 0%

Loan terms There is one loan option: Make 4 installment payments due every two weeks (for a total of 6 weeks). The first payment is due at the time of purchase.

Fees There are no late fees.

Return policy Customers must go through the merchant in order to receive a full or partial refund.

Available merchants Pay in 4 is available at millions of merchants through the app, but it's not accessible for merchants that aren't integrated with PayPal.

Loan amount Orders must be between $30 and $1,500 Pros There's no interest

There are no late fees

PayPal is connected to millions of retailers

Loans aren't reported to any of the credit bureaus, so it won't help or hurt your credit score

PayPal only occasionally performs a soft credit check and looks at factors beyond your credit score when determining your eligibility Cons It's not available to residents of Missouri or Nevada

You can only use PayPal "Pay in 4" at merchants connected with PayPal

Your order value is capped at $1,500, so you can't use it to buy very expensive items Learn More View More

Who's this for? PayPal is a global financial technology system known for its online payment system. It launched its own buy now, pay later product known as "Pay in 4," which is a good option for people looking for a short-term financing option with 0% interest, no late fees that aren't reported to the credit bureaus. PayPal's 'Pay in 4' allows consumers to make four installment payments due every two weeks over a six-week period. The first payment, like a down payment, is due at the time of purchase. Consumers are limited to taking out loans of less than $1,500, so it's not a great choice if you're looking to finance a really expensive purchase. What distinguishes PayPal's 'Pay in 4' from other short-term BNPL providers Afterpay, is that it doesn't charge any late fees. It also does not report to the credit bureaus, so it won't affect your credit score. When it comes to determining your eligibility for a loan, PayPal doesn't check your credit score most of the time. It will, however, occasionally perform a soft credit check. According to a representative at PayPal, the company uses "vast consumer data to understand an applicant's creditworthiness." PayPal 'Pay in 4', unlike the other BNPL providers on the list, doesn't have a separate app, or browser extension or website that allows consumers to use the service at online or in-store retailers not integrated with the company. PayPal does, however, have the advantage of being an established, multinational financial technology company, so it has millions of merchants available such as Uniqlo, Estee Lauder, Target and Best Buy. Since 'Pay in 4' is one of many products offered by PayPal, it doesn't have a separate BBB customer service rating.

Buy now, pay later vs. credit cards

The main advantage to using a buy now, pay later service, as opposed to paying with a credit card, is that they often don't charge interest and are easier to be approved for, though they typically require an upfront deposit. Meanwhile, credit cards stand out for usually offering some form of rewards — either cash-back, points or miles — and being more widely accepted. Although credit card interest charges can become expensive, there are a number of 0% APR credit cards that offer no interest for a period of time. Further, credit cards allow you to pay off purchases at your own pace, as opposed to a set number of fixed payments. Some credit card issuers now also offer BNPL-like options, such as the Plan It® feature from American Express, My Chase Plan and Citi Flex Pay. If you a prefer a 0% APR credit card over a BNPL service, here are some of our top picks to consider:

Citi Simplicity® Card Learn More On Citi's secure site Rewards None

Welcome bonus None

Annual fee $0

Intro APR 0% Intro APR for 21 months on balance transfers from date of first transfer and 0% Intro APR for 12 months on purchases from date of account opening.

Regular APR 18.74% - 29.49% variable

Balance transfer fee There is an intro balance transfer fee of 3% of each transfer (minimum $5) completed within the first 4 months of account opening. After that, your fee will be 5% of each transfer (minimum $5).

Foreign transaction fee 3%

Credit needed Excellent/Good See rates and fees. Terms apply. Read our Citi Simplicity® Card review.

Citi Double Cash® Card Learn More On Citi's secure site Rewards Earn 2% on every purchase with unlimited 1% cash back when you buy, plus an additional 1% as you pay for those purchases. To earn cash back, pay at least the minimum due on time. Plus, a special travel offer, earn 5% total cash back on hotel, car rentals and attractions booked on the Citi Travel℠ portal through 12/31/25.

Welcome bonus Earn $200 cash back after you spend $1,500 on purchases in the first 6 months of account opening. This bonus offer will be fulfilled as 20,000 ThankYou® Points, which can be redeemed for $200 cash back.

Annual fee $0

Intro APR 0% for the first 18 months on balance transfers; N/A for purchases

Regular APR 18.74% - 28.74% variable

Balance transfer fee For balance transfers completed within 4 months of account opening, an intro balance transfer fee of 3% of each transfer ($5 minimum) applies; after that, a balance transfer fee of 5% of each transfer ($5 minimum) applies

Foreign transaction fee 3%

Credit needed Fair/Good/Excellent

See rates and fees. Terms apply. Read our Citi Double Cash® Card review.

Chase Freedom Unlimited® Learn More On Chase's secure site Rewards Enjoy 4.5% cash back on drugstore purchases and dining at restaurants, including takeout and eligible delivery services, 6.5% cash back on travel purchased through Chase Travel℠, our premier rewards program that lets you redeem rewards for cash back, travel, gift cards and more; and 3% cash back on all other purchases (on up to $20,000 spent in the first year). After your first year or $20,000 spent, enjoy 5% cash back on travel purchased through Chase Travel℠, 3% cash back on drugstore purchases and dining at restaurants, including takeout and eligible delivery service, and unlimited 1.5% cash back on all other purchases.

Welcome bonus INTRO OFFER: Earn an additional 1.5% cash back on everything you buy (on up to $20,000 spent in the first year) - worth up to $300 cash back!

Annual fee $0

Intro APR 0% for the first 15 months from account opening on purchases and balance transfers

Regular APR 19.99% - 28.74% variable

Balance transfer fee Intro fee of either $5 or 3% of the amount of each transfer, whichever is greater, on transfers made within 60 days of account opening. After that, either $5 or 5% of the amount of each transfer, whichever is greater.

Foreign transaction fee 3%

Credit needed Excellent/Good

Member FDIC. Terms apply. Read our Chase Freedom Unlimited® review.

Our methodology

Select focused on the following features when examining popular buy now, pay later providers: APR: Some BNPL loans charge interest while others do not. Even if consumers pay off their installment payments on time and in full, they may be charged interest or an average percentage rate (APR) on their loan.

Some BNPL loans charge interest while others do not. Even if consumers pay off their installment payments on time and in full, they may be charged interest or an average percentage rate (APR) on their loan. Reporting to credit bureaus: Some POS loan providers report some or all loans to the credit bureaus while others report none. Additionally, some providers only report to some of the credit bureaus ⁠— Equifax, Experian and Transunion ⁠— while others report to all of them. Since POS loans have the potential to decrease your credit score regardless of whether you make your payments on time and in full (by decreasing the average age of your credit history), it's important to carefully read the terms of the loan to know if your score could be impacted.

Some POS loan providers report some or all loans to the credit bureaus while others report none. Additionally, some providers only report to some of the credit bureaus ⁠— Equifax, Experian and Transunion ⁠— while others report to all of them. Since POS loans have the potential to decrease your credit score regardless of whether you make your payments on time and in full (by decreasing the average age of your credit history), it's important to carefully read the terms of the loan to know if your score could be impacted. Late fees and other fees: Most BNPL providers only charged late fees if you failed to make your installment payment on time. However, some also charged convenience fees when you take out a loan.

Most BNPL providers only charged late fees if you failed to make your installment payment on time. However, some also charged convenience fees when you take out a loan. Credit checks: There are two types of credit checks, a hard credit check or a soft credit check. Hard credit checks can usually cause a small drop in your credit score, while soft credit checks have no impact on your credit score (while also looking at factors beyond someone's credit scores). (Affirm, however, did not disclose what specific factors they looked at.)

There are two types of credit checks, a hard credit check or a soft credit check. Hard credit checks can usually cause a small drop in your credit score, while soft credit checks have no impact on your credit score (while also looking at factors beyond someone's credit scores). (Affirm, however, did not disclose what specific factors they looked at.) Available merchants: We not only looked at the number of merchants that were directly integrated with the provider but also whether consumers could shop at merchants not partnered with the provider. Many BNPL providers either had an app, a browser extension or a website that enabled consumers to use a one-time card which gave them access to a BNPL loan to finance their purchases. Catch up on Select's in-depth coverage of personal finance, tech and tools, wellness and more, and follow us on Facebook, Instagram and Twitter to stay up to date.

Editorial Note: Opinions, analyses, reviews or recommendations expressed in this article are those of the Select editorial staff’s alone, and have not been reviewed, approved or otherwise endorsed by any third party.

### DATE: 
2021-09-03

### Summary: 
Affirm is a good choice if you need a longer-term financing option with a 0% APR and no late fees.
Fees Afterpay does charge late fees: $8 or 25% of the transaction, whichever is less.
Since you don't pay interest on your Afterpay loan, you don't have to worry about not being refunded for interest.
Available merchants Pay in 4 is available at millions of merchants through the app, but it's not accessible for merchants that aren't integrated with PayPal.
Late fees and other fees: Most BNPL providers only charged late fees if you failed to make your installment payment on time.

### Keywords: 
merchants
pay
know
later
apps
credit
interest
payments
fees
loan
consumers
need
buy
payment
late
popular

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 16


### TITLE: 
Best tax software for small business owners in 2024

### TEXT: 
Best for user experience

TurboTax Premium Learn More On TurboTax's secure site Cost Costs may vary depending on the plan selected - see breakdown by plan in the description below

Mobile app Yes

Live support Yes, costs extra Terms apply. Pros Step-by-step guidance with a Q&A format that is easy to follow

TurboTax Premium Live provides on-demand advice and a final review from a tax expert or CPA

Live Full Service has a tax expert prepare, sign, and file your return

Accuracy and maximum refund guaranteed*

Audit support, which provides free assistance if you get an IRS or other tax notice Cons More costly than other software programs

Live expert assistance plans have additional costs Cost breakdown by plan: TurboTax Premium: $129, state additional

$129, state additional TurboTax Premium Live: $219, state additional

$219, state additional TurboTax Live Full Service: Starting at $129, state additional *Click here for TurboTax offer details and disclosures Learn More View More

Best for variety of support options

H&R Block Learn More On H&R Block's secure site Cost Costs may vary depending on the plan selected (Free Online, Deluxe, Premium, or Self-Employed) - click "Learn More" for details

Free version Yes (for simple returns only)

Mobile app Yes

Live support Available with some pricing and filing options Terms apply. Pros Simple step-by-step guidance that's easy to follow

Unlimited on-demand chat or video support with Online Assist plans

Ability to speak to a tax expert who has an average of 10 years experience (costs extra)

Over 11,000 physical locations so you can meet with a tax expert in-person

Maximum refund guarantee, or H&R Block will refund the plan fees you paid

Audit support guarantee, which provides free assistance if you get an IRS or other tax notice

100% accuracy, or H&R Block will reimburse you for any penalties or interest up to $10,000 Cons Plans that include speaking with a live tax expert cost more for federal returns

One of the more costly software programs Learn More View More

Best free tax software

FreeTaxUSA Learn More On FreeTaxUSA's secure site Cost $0 federal, $14.99 state

Mobile app Yes

Tax expert support Yes, costs extra Terms apply. Pros Federal filing is free to use

Audit defense available with the Deluxe edition, which gives you support from a representative if the IRS audits your federal tax return

Maximum refund guarantee, or FreeTaxUSA will refund the plan fees you paid and provide a coupon for a free amended tax return

100% accuracy, or FreeTaxUSA will reimburse you for any penalties/interest charges Cons Can't import W-2s, so you have to manually enter the info

State filing isn't free, though it's a low $14.99

Priority customer support and live chat is only available with a Deluxe edition upgrade Learn More View More

Best affordable software

TaxSlayer Self Employed Learn More On TaxSlayer's secure site 20% off Self-Employed: Was: $67.95 Now: $54.36. Includes all forms + access to a tax pro with self-employed expertise. Use Code: CNBC20

Cost Costs may vary depending on the plan selected.

Mobile app Yes

Tax expert support Yes, certain plans Terms apply. Pros Cheaper plan, making this a more affordable choice if you don't have a simple return and need to upgrade

Low state filing fees

One-on-one support from real tax experts with Ask a Tax Pro

100% accuracy, or TaxSlayer will reimburse you for any penalties or interest charges

Maximum refund guarantee, or TaxSlayer will refund the plan fees you paid

IRS inquiry and audit support Cons Must enter a discount code to benefit from lower prices Learn More View More

Best for accuracy guarantee

TaxAct Learn More On TaxAct's secure site Cost Costs may vary depending on the plan selected - click "Learn More" for details

Mobile app No, the mobile app was discontinued

Tax expert support Yes, costs extra Terms apply. Pros Up to $100,000 accuracy guarantee, which reimburses you for IRS/state penalty or interest if the TaxAct software causes a calculation error in your return

More affordable than other paid software

One-on-one support from real tax experts (costs extra)

Maximum refund and 100% accuracy guarantee, or TaxAct will refund the plan fees you paid and pay any difference in the refund or tax liability, plus cover any legal or audit costs up to $100,000 Cons Xpert Help Self-employed plan costs more Learn More View More

Best for automatic planning

Found Learn More Cost Free for basic version; Found Plus costs $19.99 per month or $149.99 per year

Free version Yes (for auto generated tax forms, auto savings, tax estimates, and write-off tracking only)

Mobile app Yes Found is a financial technology company, not a bank. Business banking services are provided by Piermont Bank, Member FDIC. The funds in your account are FDIC-insured up to $250,000 per depositor for each account ownership category. The Found Mastercard Business debit card is issued by Piermont Bank pursuant to a license from Mastercard Inc. and may be used everywhere Mastercard debit cards are accepted. *Filing business taxes through Found is applicable for Schedule C filers and is included for free as part of the Found Plus annual subscription only. Pros Offers a free version that lets you auto generate tax forms, utilize auto savings, tax estimates and track write-offs

30-day free trial for Found Plus

Tax filing through the app*

Auto-save feature for estimated tax burden

Built-in bookkeeping tools

Auto-generated profit and loss, income, and expense reports

Weekly and monthly business insight reports

Integrates with QuickBooks, Stripe, Cash App, PayPal, Square, Lyft, Uber, Venmo, eBay and more Cons No physical branches Learn More View More

FAQs When are taxes due? Federal income tax returns are due on April 15, 2024. However, Maine and Massachusetts residents will have until April 17, 2024, due to state holidays. When are quarterly estimated tax payments? While you must submit a tax return by the filing date every year, you may also need to file your taxes quarterly and make estimated tax payments. The IRS generally requires small business owners to make quarterly estimated payments if they expect to owe a minimum of $1,000. Filing quarterly isn't necessarily a bad thing. After all, it allows you to make four smaller tax payments versus one large tax payment. Here's when estimated tax payments are due: First quarter (January 1 to March 31): April 15

April 15 Second quarter (April 1 to May 31): June 17

June 17 Third quarter (June 1 to August 31): September 16

September 16 Fourth quarter (September 1 to December 31): January 15 of the following year How can you make estimated tax payments? You can make estimated tax payments through some online tax software, the Electronic Federal Tax Payment System (EFTPS) or by mailing in a completed 1040-ES form with your payment. If you mail in your payment, it must be postmarked by the due date to avoid penalties. What happens if I miss the tax deadline? If you miss the April 18 deadline, file your taxes as soon as possible. You may incur a fee if you file late, and it only gets pricier the longer you wait. If you file late and owe taxes, you’ll incur a fee. However, you won’t incur a penalty if you don’t owe and instead have a tax refund coming. That said, there’s no way to know if you’ll owe taxes or not, so it’s important to file on time. How much does it cost to file taxes? Most small business owners will have to pay for their tax prep. Unlike with individual tax returns, there are very few free programs.

Why trust CNBC Select?

At CNBC Select, our mission is to provide our readers with high-quality service journalism and comprehensive consumer advice so they can make informed decisions with their money. Every tax software review is based on rigorous reporting by our team of expert writers and editors with extensive knowledge of tax software products. While CNBC Select earns a commission from affiliate partners on many offers and links, we create all our content without input from our commercial team or any outside third parties, and we pride ourselves on our journalistic standards and ethics. See our methodology for more information on how we choose the best tax software for small businesses.

Subscribe to the CNBC Select Newsletter! Money matters — so make the most of it. Get expert tips, strategies, news and everything else you need to maximize your money, right to your inbox. Sign up here.

Our methodology

To determine which tax software offers the best way for small business owners to file their taxes, CNBC Select compared each program on a range of features, including: Cost

User experience

Expert tax assistance

Accuracy and maximum refund guarantee

Better Business Bureau (BBB) rating

Customer reviews, when available Cost was one of the most important factors. While one of the services offers free federal filing, many business owners may want to benefit from robust software, therefore paying to file their taxes. We evaluated the price per plan and weighed the features you receive, like the ability to maximize deductions and credits. The more bang for your buck, the higher a service ranked. Whether you’re new to filing taxes or a seasoned pro, user experience is crucial to filling out and submitting your return quickly and with little frustration. The services we chose had to be relatively user friendly. The ability to speak with a tax expert or support representative was a big plus. All five of the best tax software offered some form of support. And if a service supported consumers with a generous accuracy and maximum refund guarantee, it was ranked higher. We also considered the Better Business Bureau rating associated with the software. BBB ratings help determine whether a business is operating responsibly and if it helps to resolve customer complaints promptly. Customer reviews were also taken into consideration. After reviewing the above features, we sorted our recommendations by best for overall tax filing, runner-up, free tax software, most affordable and best accuracy guarantee. The federal and state filing fees for the software programs mentioned above are subject to change without notice. Many programs don’t charge you until you file, so there’s a chance the fees can change from the time you start your return until you submit it. Catch up on CNBC Select's in-depth coverage of credit cards, banking and money, and follow us on TikTok, Facebook, Instagram and Twitter to stay up to date.

Editorial Note: Opinions, analyses, reviews or recommendations expressed in this article are those of the Select editorial staff’s alone, and have not been reviewed, approved or otherwise endorsed by any third party.

### DATE: 
2021-02-24

### Summary: 
You can make estimated tax payments through some online tax software, the Electronic Federal Tax Payment System (EFTPS) or by mailing in a completed 1040-ES form with your payment.
However, you won’t incur a penalty if you don’t owe and instead have a tax refund coming.
Every tax software review is based on rigorous reporting by our team of expert writers and editors with extensive knowledge of tax software products.
See our methodology for more information on how we choose the best tax software for small businesses.
After reviewing the above features, we sorted our recommendations by best for overall tax filing, runner-up, free tax software, most affordable and best accuracy guarantee.

### Keywords: 
plan
best
2024
learn
expert
small
free
software
owners
business
tax
filing
support
refund
costs

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 17


### TITLE: 
How to file your taxes for free in 2025

### TEXT: 
Americans spend an average of $270 filing their taxes each year, according to the Treasury Department. There are numerous ways to file your taxes for free, however, especially if you meet certain income requirements or have a simple tax return.



Some programs are sponsored by the IRS, while others are provided by top tax software companies. You might not get everything you would from a paid platform or tax professional. But if you qualify and can find what you need, why not take advantage?

Direct File

In 2023, the IRS launched Direct File, a free online program for filing a federal tax return directly with the agency. For tax year 2024, Direct File is open to qualified taxpayers in 24 states: Alaska, Arizona, California, Connecticut, Florida, Idaho, Kansas, Maine, Maryland, Massachusetts, Nevada, New Hampshire, New Jersey, New Mexico, New York, North Carolina, Oregon, Pennsylvania, South Dakota, Tennessee, Texas, Washington, Wisconsin and Wyoming.



To qualify for DirectFile, you must be a W-2 employee, receive Social Security or unemployment insurance or have an investment income of less than $1,500. You must also have a Social Security number or Individual Taxpayer Identification Number and a valid state ID or passport. Direct File can be used to claim the Earned Income Tax Credit and Child Tax Credit, but not many other credits. You also can't itemize deductions or report additional income, like capital gains or money from gig work or rental properties.



The IRS estimates 30 million eligible taxpayers should be eligible to use DirectFile when they file their 2024 returns in 2025.

IRS Free File

If your state doesn't have Direct File yet, IRS Free File is a no-cost online service for filers with an adjusted gross income of $79,000 or less in 2023. It's a partnership between the IRS and eight leading tax prep sites, including TaxSlayer and FreeTaxUSA. You can choose which to work with based on your income, age, location and filing needs. (Some partners also offer free state filing.) Its an opportunity many people overlook: About 70% of Americans qualified for IRS Free File in 2024, according to the Taxpayer Advocate, but less than 5% used it.



Even if you meet the income requirements, Free File might not have the forms you need. There's also not much support to help you maximize your refund or minimize your tax liability.

What if I don't meet the income requirement? If you don't meet the income requirement for Free File, you can still use the site's fillable forms. There's no guidance and only limited calculations, but you can still fill out the free electronic forms using IRS instructions. This option doesn't include any state tax preparation.

Free online tax software

Tax software companies do a great job of simplifying the filing process, offering guided assistance and the ability to upload tax documents and previous years' returns. Many offer free tiers for simple returns, though they typically have limited features and support. With TurboTax's basic tier you can report W-2 income, some interest and dividends, child tax credits, the Earned Income Tax Credit and deductions for student loan interest. According to TurboTax, about 37% of filers qualify to use its basic tier for free.

TurboTax Learn More On TurboTax's secure site Cost Costs may vary depending on the plan selected - click "Learn More" for details

Free version TurboTax Free Edition. ~37% of taxpayers qualify. Form 1040 + limited credits only.

Mobile app Yes

Live support Available with some pricing and filing options Click here for TurboTax offer details and disclosures. Terms apply.

H&R Block also has a free tier for simple returns that's a good option if you're a W-2 employee or student, reporting income from unemployment insurance or claiming the child tax credit.

H&R Block Learn More On H&R Block's secure site Cost Costs may vary depending on the plan selected (Free Online, Deluxe, Premium, or Self-Employed) - click "Learn More" for details

Free version Yes (for simple returns only)

Mobile app Yes

Live support Available with some pricing and filing options Terms apply.

While both TurboTax and H&R Block are among CNBC Select's top-rated tax software programs, their free versions won't process complicated tax filings. Make sure you qualify first so you don't get redirected to a paid tier. FreeTaxUSA accepts tax forms other no-cost options don't — including itemized deductions, income from investments and HSA contributions. (Federal filing is free, while state returns are $14.99 each.)

FreeTaxUSA Learn More On FreeTaxUSA's secure site Cost $0 federal, $14.99 state

Mobile app Yes

Tax expert support Yes, costs extra Terms apply.

Cash App Taxes is one of the only providers that processes both federal and state taxes for free, with no upselling or rerouting to paid tiers for more complex returns. As a tradeoff, there's no live help available if you have a question.

Cash App Taxes (formerly Credit Karma Tax) Learn More On Cash App's secure site Cost $0 federal and state

Free version Yes

Mobile app Yes

Tax expert support No

Volunteer Income Tax Assistance

The Volunteer Income Tax Assistance program provides free in-person tax preparation to people with an AGI of $60,000 or less, with disabilities or with limited English skills. You will need to visit an office in person and may need to make an appointment. (You can find a provider near you here.)

Tax Counseling for the Elderly

Another IRS-backed program, Tax Counseling for the Elderly (TCE) funds nonprofit and community efforts that provide free tax preparation for filers 60 and older. Trained volunteers will help prepare simple returns and can answer retirement-related questions. (Some locations also offer self-filing options.) Check the IRS website or AARP Tax-Aide site locator tool to find a TCE-affiliated location in your area or call 888-227-7669.

MilTax

Sponsored by the Department of Defense, MilTax is a tax software program for U.S. servicemembers, veterans and their families, with details on how to file in multiple states, how to report deployment and combat pay, and more. Eligible filers can electronically submit a federal return and up to three state returns free of charge.

FAQs When are taxes due? For most taxpayers, the deadline to file a federal tax return is Tuesday, April 15, 2025, at midnight local time. Residents and businesses in parts of the country declared FEMA disaster areas have been given more time, however. What happens if you can't pay your taxes? You can ask the IRS for up to 120 days to pay your taxes or apply for an offer in compromise or a payment plan that allows you to spread out the debt over months or years. If you can prove financial hardship you may be able to qualify for "currently not collectible status" and avoid having to pay until your circumstances improve. When are state taxes due? For most states, the deadline to file is April 15, 2025, at midnight local time. Alaska, Florida, Nevada, New Hampshire, South Dakota, Tennessee, Texas, Washington and Wyoming do not collect state income taxes. The following states have different due dates: Hawaii: April 20, 2025

Delaware: April 30, 2025

Iowa: April 30, 2025

Virginia: May 1, 2024

Louisiana: May 15, 2025 For more information, consult with your state Department of Revenue.

Subscribe to the CNBC Select Newsletter! Money matters — so make the most of it. Get expert tips, strategies, news and everything else you need to maximize your money, right to your inbox. Sign up here.

Why trust CNBC Select?

At CNBC Select, our mission is to provide our readers with high-quality service journalism and comprehensive consumer advice so they can make informed decisions with their money. Every tax guide is based on rigorous reporting by our team of expert writers and editors with extensive knowledge of tax services. While CNBC Select earns a commission from affiliate partners on many offers and links, we create all our content without input from our commercial team or any outside third parties, and we pride ourselves on our journalistic standards and ethics. Catch up on CNBC Select's in-depth coverage of credit cards, banking and money, and follow us on TikTok, Facebook, Instagram and Twitter to stay up to date.

Editorial Note: Opinions, analyses, reviews or recommendations expressed in this article are those of the Select editorial staff’s alone, and have not been reviewed, approved or otherwise endorsed by any third party.

### DATE: 
2023-02-07

### Summary: 
IRS Free FileIf your state doesn't have Direct File yet, IRS Free File is a no-cost online service for filers with an adjusted gross income of $79,000 or less in 2023.
Its an opportunity many people overlook: About 70% of Americans qualified for IRS Free File in 2024, according to the Taxpayer Advocate, but less than 5% used it.
Even if you meet the income requirements, Free File might not have the forms you need.
If you don't meet the income requirement for Free File, you can still use the site's fillable forms.
For most taxpayers, the deadline to file a federal tax return is Tuesday, April 15, 2025, at midnight local time.

### Keywords: 
state
free
income
tax
2025
federal
irs
file
taxes
filing
returns

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 18


### TITLE: 
Waiting on your tax refund? Here's how you can check its status with the IRS

### TEXT: 
Three-quarters of taxpayers anticipate a refund, according to a January 2024 survey from CreditKarma. Waiting for that money can be nerve-wracking, especially since many people use their refund for necessities — including rent, credit card bills and even medical debts. If you want to know when you'll get your refund, the IRS has several tools available to help you track its status.

When will I get my tax refund?

If you filed an electronic return, expect a refund and signed up for direct deposit, the IRS says you should get it within 21 days of filing, as long as there are no issues with your return.



If you sent your return by mail or filed an amended return, it will take at least four weeks for your refund to be processed. If you can't wait that long, H&R Block offers a no-interest tax refund advance loan that can make up to $3,500 available the same day you file. H&R Block has a free tier for simple returns and a deluxe version that lets you itemize, report self-employment taxes and get help from both live experts and an AI tax assistant.

H&R Block Learn More On H&R Block's secure site Cost Costs may vary depending on the plan selected (Free Online, Deluxe, Premium, or Self-Employed) - click "Learn More" for details

Free version Yes (for simple returns only)

Mobile app Yes

Live support Available with some pricing and filing options Terms apply.

TurboTax also offers a refund advance loan, with up to $4,000 available with 0% APR and no fees. You will need to open a checking account with Credit Karma Money to receive the funds.

TurboTax Learn More On TurboTax's secure site Cost Costs may vary depending on the plan selected - click "Learn More" for details

Free version TurboTax Free Edition. ~37% of taxpayers qualify. Form 1040 + limited credits only.

Mobile app Yes

Live support Available with some pricing and filing options Click here for TurboTax offer details and disclosures. Terms apply.

Jackson Hewitt will advance qualified filers up to $6,500, but you'll have to book an in-person appointment at a Jackson Hewitt office to file your taxes.

Jackson Hewitt Tax Service Learn More Cost A flat fee of $25 for online filing

Free version No

Mobile app No

Live support Free live chat support, plus an option to file in an office Terms apply.

How to check the status of your refund

You can keep tabs on your refund on the IRS's Where's My Refund site or the IRS2Go app, which can be downloaded at the Apple App Store, Google Play or Amazon. You'll need your Social Security number or Individual Tax Identification Number to use either service, as well as your filing status and the exact amount of the refund you are expecting. The status of your return is available within 24 hours of e-filing. The IRS updates information daily (usually overnight), so you may need to check several times for the most current information.

Can I call the IRS about my refund?

According to the IRS, you should only call if it's been at least 21 days since you filed an electronic return or at least six weeks since you mailed a print return.



For questions about individual federal returns, call 800-829-1040, Monday through Friday between 7 a.m. to 7 p.m. (The wait time during tax season may be considerable.) You can also make an appointment to get help at a local IRS Taxpayer Assistance Center. The agency does not accept tax-related questions by email.

FAQs How do I check my income tax refund status? You can get updates on the status of your refund on the IRS2Go app or the IRS "Where's My Refund" tool. Why is my refund taking so long? A refund will take longer if you file by mail or don't select direct deposit. In addition, if the return is more complex or corrections are needed, it may slow the process down. How long does it take to get a refund if you e-file? The IRS completes nine out of ten direct deposit refunds within 21 days. You can begin tracking the status of your refund within 24 hours of e-filing. How long should I hold onto my tax returns? The IRS recommends keeping copies of your tax returns for at least three years.

Compare offers to find the best savings account

Bottom line

If you file online and set up direct deposit, you can expect a refund within 21 days. You can check the status of your return and any refund 24 hours after e-filing by visiting the IRS website or IRS2GO app.



If you need the funds before your refund will arrive, some top tax-prep companies make no-interest refund advance loans available.

Subscribe to the CNBC Select Newsletter! Money matters — so make the most of it. Get expert tips, strategies, news and everything else you need to maximize your money, right to your inbox. Sign up here.

Why trust CNBC Select?

At CNBC Select, our mission is to provide our readers with high-quality service journalism and comprehensive consumer advice so they can make informed decisions with their money. Every tax guide is based on rigorous reporting by our team of expert writers and editors with extensive knowledge of tax services. While CNBC Select earns a commission from affiliate partners on many offers and links, we create all our content without input from our commercial team or any outside third parties, and we pride ourselves on our journalistic standards and ethics. Catch up on CNBC Select's in-depth coverage of credit cards, banking and money, and follow us on TikTok, Facebook, Instagram and Twitter to stay up to date.

Editorial Note: Opinions, analyses, reviews or recommendations expressed in this article are those of the Select editorial staff’s alone, and have not been reviewed, approved or otherwise endorsed by any third party.

### DATE: 
2024-02-19

### Summary: 
If you want to know when you'll get your refund, the IRS has several tools available to help you track its status.
When will I get my tax refund?
FAQs How do I check my income tax refund status?
You can get updates on the status of your refund on the IRS2Go app or the IRS "Where's My Refund" tool.
You can check the status of your return and any refund 24 hours after e-filing by visiting the IRS website or IRS2GO app.

### Keywords: 
waiting
select
return
app
status
tax
check
available
irs
returns
refund
money
heres

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 19


### TITLE: 
2025 tax brackets: How much will you pay in federal income tax?

### TEXT: 
Have over $7,500 in tax debt? A tax relief service may be right for you Offers in this section are from affiliate partners and selected based on a combination of engagement, product relevance, compensation, and consistent availability. Anthem Tax Services Highlights Anthem Tax Services is licensed in all 50 states and requires clients to have $10,000 in tax debt to enroll. It advertises a money-back guarantee if it doesn't save you money or rework your payment schedule. LEARN MORE Alleviate Tax Relief Highlights Alleviate Tax Relief offers services in all 50 states and only requires clients have $7,500 in tax debt. It has both a lowest-price guarantee and a 30-day money-back guarantee. Money-back and lowest-price guarantees apply to tax resolution services only and cannot be applied to any other services offered by Alleviate Tax Relief. LEARN MORE

What are the tax brackets for 2024?

There are seven tax rates for tax year 2024, ranging from 10% to 37%. The bracket for each tier increased 5.4% from 2023. The maximum 37% rate only applies to individual filers earning over $609,350 in 2024 and married couples filing jointly who made a combined total of at least $731,200 in 2024.

Tax Rate Single Married filing jointly Married filing separately Head of household 10% $11,600 or less $23,200 or less $11,600 or less $16,550 or less 12% $11,601 to $47,150 $23,201 to $94,300 $11,601 to $47,150 $16,551 to $63,100 22% $47,151 to $100,525 $94,301 to $201,050 $47,151 to $100,525 $63,101 to $100,500 24% $100,526 to $191,950 $201,051 to $383,900 $100,526 to $191,950 $100,501 to $191,950 32% $191,951 to $243,725 $383,901 to $487,450 $191,951 to $243,725 $191,951 to $243,700 35% $243,726 to $609,350 $487,451 to $731,200 $243,726 to $365,600 $234,701 to $609,350 37% Over $609,350 Over $731,200 Over $365,600 Over $609,350

Source: Internal Revenue Service

What are the tax brackets for 2025?

Thanks to the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 (TCJA), the tiers for tax year 2025 will remain the same as they were in 2024. The IRS increased the income thresholds for each tier by 2.8%.

Tax Rate Single Married filing jointly Married filing separately Head of household 10% $11,925 or less $23,850 or less $11,925 or less $17,00 or less 12% $11,926 to $48,475 $23,851 to $96,950 $11,926 to $48,475 $17,001 to $64,850 22% $48,476 to $103,350 $96,951 to $206,700 $48,476 to $103,350 $64,851 to $103,350 24% $103,351 to $197,300 $206,701 to $394,600 $103,351 to $197,300 $103,351 to $197,300 32% $197,301 to $250,525 $394,601 to $501,050 $197,301 to $250,525 $197,301 to $250,500 35% $250,526 to $626,350 $501,051 to $751,600 $250,526 to $375,800 $250,501 to $626,350 37% Over $626,350 Over $751,600 Over $375,800 Over $626,350

Source: Internal Revenue Service

The TCJA is slated to sunset at the end of 2025 and, without action from Congress, the brackets will revert to 10%, 15%, 25%, 28%, 33%, 35% and 39.6%.

What tax bracket am I in?

Because the IRS utilizes progressive rates, few people fall into a single tax bracket. If you're an individual filer who earned $45,000 in taxable income in 2024, for example, the amount you owe will be broken into two tax brackets: 10% for the first $11,600

12% for any income between $11,601 and $47,150 If you earn $45,000 in 2025, however, the breakdown could look a little different. 10% for the first $11,925

12% for income between $11,926 and $48,475

The standard deduction

The TCJA also raised the standard deduction, making itemizing unnecessary for more taxpayers. Here is the standard deduction for tax year 2025.

Filing Status Standard deduction for 2024 Projected standard deduction for 2025 Married filing jointly or surviving spouses $29,200 $30,000 Head of household $21,900 $22,500 All Other Taxpayers $14,600 $15,000



If the standard deduction decreases in 2026, when the TCJA expires, it might be worth deferring charitable donations and other deductions.

What is a marginal tax rate?

Your marginal tax rate is the highest bracket you qualify for — or the percentage your last dollar of taxable income is taxed at. If you earned $70,000 in 2024 and file individually, for example, you have a marginal tax rate of 22%. That's because a portion of your income fell within the $47,151 to $100,525 bracket. But only $22,849 (or $70,000 - $47,151) is at that rate. Your first $11,000 of taxable income is taxed at the 10% tier, and then the next $35,549 (or $47,150 - $11,601) falls into the 12% bracket.

What is my filing status?

Your filing status determines your annual tax liability, as well as your filing requirements, standard deduction and eligibility for certain tax credits. Your marital status on December 31 determines whether you are considered single or married for that year. Married filing jointly: You are married and able to file a joint return with your spouse or your spouse died during the tax year and you did not remarry. Married filing separately: You are married but have chosen to file separate returns. Head of household: You are an unmarried individual who is not claimed on someone else's return and who pays for over half of the care of at least one dependent. Surviving spouse: Your spouse died during the previous tax year. To claim this status you must file a joint tax return before their death and have at least one dependent child. Single: You are unmarried, divorced or legally separated as of the last day of the year and don't have a dependent or other person who qualifies you for any other filing status.

Find a credit repair service

How can I lower my taxable income?

If you want to pay less taxes, there are several strategies that don't involve a pay cut. Some require itemizing, though, so make it's worth not just taking the standard deduction. Claim tax credits Tax credits offer a direct reduction in the amount you owe, providing a dollar-for-dollar decrease in your tax liability. If you owe $2,000 in taxes and qualify for a $500 tax credit, for example, your tax liability is reduced to $1,500. You can learn about tax credits you may be eligible for on the IRS website, including: The Earned Income Tax Credit: If you earned less than $61,555 (or $68,675 if married and filing jointly), you can earn up to $8,046 based on your income and family size

If you earned less than $61,555 (or $68,675 if married and filing jointly), you can earn up to $8,046 based on your income and family size Child Tax Credit : Worth up to $1,700 per qualifying dependent child depending on your modified adjusted gross income.

: Worth up to $1,700 per qualifying dependent child depending on your modified adjusted gross income. Child and Dependent Care Tax Credit: Claim up to 35% of daycare, dependent care and related expenses, up to $3,000 (or up to $6,000 for two or more children).

Claim up to 35% of daycare, dependent care and related expenses, up to $3,000 (or up to $6,000 for two or more children). American Opportunity Tax Credit: If you earn $80,000 or less ($160,000 or less if married filing jointly) you can claim $2,500 for qualified tuition costs, school fees, and course materials.

If you earn $80,000 or less ($160,000 or less if married filing jointly) you can claim $2,500 for qualified tuition costs, school fees, and course materials. The Clean Vehicle Tax Credit: Worth up to $7,500 if you purchase an eligible EV. Deduct student loan interest While tax credits directly reduce your tax bill, tax deductions lower your taxable income by letting you subtract certain expenses. If you, your spouse or a dependent have federal or private student loans, for example, you can deduct up to $2,500 in student loan interest each year. This write-off begins to phase out if your modified adjusted gross income hits $70,000, however, and disappears entirely at $90,000. If you're married and filing jointly, the phaseout starts at $155,000 and disappears if you earn $185,000 or more. Max out your retirement fund You can also claim deductions for contributions to qualifying pre-tax retirement accounts like an employer-sponsored 401(k) or traditional IRA. With pre-tax contributions, you're taking less out of your paycheck now. Because your money is growing tax-deferred, however, you'll pay income tax on it when you start withdrawing. Contribute to a health savings account if you have a high-deductible healthcare plan, a health savings account (HSA) allows you to save for upcoming medical expenses. Contributions are tax-free (or tax-deductible if self-funded) and the balance can grow tax-free through investments. Withdrawals are also tax-free if used for eligible expenses — like deductibles or copays, prescriptions, medical devices and even birth control. Some companies also offer flexible spending accounts (FSA), which lower your taxable income by allowing pre-tax contributions. FSAs don't let you invest, however, and the funds generally don't roll over to the following year. Sell losing stocks If you own stocks that performed badly this year, you can use your losses to offset the taxes you would pay on other investment gains — a process called tax-loss harvesting. If you have no capital gains this year, your losses can offset up to $3,000 of ordinary income — anything beyond that can carry over and be used to lower taxes. in the future.

How to file your taxes online

TurboTax Learn More On TurboTax's secure site Cost Costs may vary depending on the plan selected - click "Learn More" for details

Free version TurboTax Free Edition. ~37% of taxpayers qualify. Form 1040 + limited credits only.

Mobile app Yes

Live support Available with some pricing and filing options Click here for TurboTax offer details and disclosures. Terms apply.

H&R Block Learn More On H&R Block's secure site Cost Costs may vary depending on the plan selected (Free Online, Deluxe, Premium, or Self-Employed) - click "Learn More" for details

Free version Yes (for simple returns only)

Mobile app Yes

Live support Available with some pricing and filing options Terms apply.

Subscribe to the CNBC Select Newsletter! Money matters — so make the most of it. Get expert tips, strategies, news and everything else you need to maximize your money, right to your inbox. Sign up here.

FAQs How do tax brackets work? Tax brackets are the various tiers your income is taxed at. You only pay a higher rate on the portion of your income that falls into that bracket, not your entire paycheck. If you earned $40,000 in 2024, for example, the first $11,600 of your income would be taxed at 10% ($1,160) while the next $13,800 would be taxed at 12% ($1,656). Your total tax liability would be $2,816. How do I calculate my tax bracket? To calculate your tax bracket, determine your total taxable income after deductions. Then, match that income to the corresponding range in the tax bracket chart for your filing status to see the rate that applies to each portion of your income. Your taxable income will likely span multiple brackets depending on how much you've earned. Does a Roth IRA put you in a different tax bracket? A Roth IRA doesn't change your tax bracket because contributions are made with after-tax dollars, meaning you've already paid taxes on the money. What is the highest tax bracket? The highest tax bracket is currently 37%. For tax year 2025, only single filers earning at least $626,350 (or married couples filing jointly earning at least $751,600) will pay that rate on any portion of their income. Wit the TCJA sunsetting in 2025, however, the highest bracket could be 39.6% in 2026 What is the standard deduction for 2025? For single taxpayers and married individuals filing separately for tax year 2025, the standard deduction is $15,000, an increase of $400 from 2024. For married couples filing jointly, it's $30,000, up $800 from 2024. For heads of households, it's $22,500, up $600 from 2024.

Why trust CNBC Select?

At CNBC Select, our mission is to provide our readers with high-quality service journalism and comprehensive consumer advice so they can make informed decisions with their money. Every personal finance article is based on rigorous reporting by our team of expert writers and editors with extensive knowledge of financial products. While CNBC Select earns a commission from affiliate partners on many offers and links, we create all our content without input from our commercial team or any outside third parties, and we pride ourselves on our journalistic standards and ethics. Catch up on CNBC Select's in-depth coverage of credit cards, banking and money, and follow us on TikTok, Facebook, Instagram and Twitter to stay up to date.

Editorial Note: Opinions, analyses, reviews or recommendations expressed in this article are those of the Select editorial staff’s alone, and have not been reviewed, approved or otherwise endorsed by any third party.

### DATE: 
2023-11-30

### Summary: 
If you earned $70,000 in 2024 and file individually, for example, you have a marginal tax rate of 22%.
Your filing status determines your annual tax liability, as well as your filing requirements, standard deduction and eligibility for certain tax credits.
Claim tax credits Tax credits offer a direct reduction in the amount you owe, providing a dollar-for-dollar decrease in your tax liability.
Deduct student loan interest While tax credits directly reduce your tax bill, tax deductions lower your taxable income by letting you subtract certain expenses.
Because your money is growing tax-deferred, however, you'll pay income tax on it when you start withdrawing.

### Keywords: 
dependent
jointly
deduction
pay
income
brackets
tax
2025
federal
married
rate
bracket
filing
standard

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 20


### TITLE: 
Best credit cards for bad credit of November 2024

### TEXT: 
Best for no credit check

OpenSky® Secured Visa® Credit Card Learn More On OpenSky's secure site Rewards New feature! Earn up to 10% cash back on everyday purchases

Welcome bonus No welcome bonus

Annual fee $35

Intro APR N/A

Regular APR 25.14% Variable

Balance transfer fee N/A

Foreign transaction fee 3%

Credit needed No credit history Terms apply. Click here to view the Cardholder Agreement. Pros No credit check, even if you have a credit score

High approval odds Cons $35 annual fee

3% fee charged on purchases made outside the U.S. Learn More View More

Best for earning rewards

Discover it® Secured Credit Card Learn More On Discover's secure site Rewards Earn 2% cash back at Gas Stations and Restaurants on up to $1,000 in combined purchases each quarter, automatically. Plus earn unlimited 1% cash back on all other purchases.

Welcome bonus Discover will match all the cash back you've earned at the end of your first year

Annual fee $0

Intro APR N/A on purchases

Regular APR 27.74% Variable

Balance transfer fee 3% intro balance transfer fee, up to 5% fee on future balance transfers (see terms)*

Foreign transaction fee None

Credit needed New / Rebuilding

*See rates and fees, terms apply. Read our Discover it® Secured Credit Card review. Pros Cash-back program

Generous welcome bonus

Starting at seven months from account opening, Discover will automatically review your credit card account to see if you can transition to an unsecured line of credit and return your deposit Cons Cash-back program limits earnings: 2% cash back at gas stations and restaurants on up to $1,000 in combined purchases each quarter, then 1%

Low credit line prevents cardholders from charging high-cost items or many expenses Learn More View More

Best for low deposit

Capital One Platinum Secured Credit Card Learn More Rewards None

Welcome bonus No current offer

Annual fee $0

Intro APR N/A for purchases and balance transfers

Regular APR 29.99% variable

Balance transfer fee $0 at the Transfer APR, 4% of the amount of each transferred balance that posts to your account at a promotional APR that Capital One may offer to you

Foreign transaction fee None

Credit needed No credit history

Terms apply. Read our Capital One Platinum Secured Credit Card review. Pros No annual fee

$49, $99 or $200 refundable deposit

No fee charged on purchases made outside the U.S.

Flexibility to change your payment due date Cons High variable APR

No rewards program Learn More View More

Best for low interest

DCU Visa® Platinum Secured Credit Card Learn More Information about the DCU Visa® Platinum Secured Credit Card has been collected independently by CNBC and has not been reviewed or provided by the issuer of the cards prior to publication. Rewards None

Welcome bonus None

Annual fee $0

Intro APR None

Regular APR As low as 16.75% variable

Balance transfer fee None

Foreign transaction fee None

Credit needed No credit history Terms apply. Pros No annual fee

No foreign transaction fee Cons $500 minimum security deposit, which is higher than average

Credit union membership required, which may cost a minimum of $10 if you don’t qualify

No rewards program

No clear timeline to upgrade to an unsecured card Learn More View More

More on our top credit cards for bad credit

OpenSky® Secured Visa® Credit Card

Who's this for? If you have bad credit and have struggled to be approved for cards in the past, you may want to consider a card that doesn't perform a credit check. The OpenSky® Secured Visa® Credit Card doesn't pull your credit when you apply. Like other secured cards, a minimum $200 security deposit is required to open the card and you can deposit up to $3,000. While this card is great for no credit check, it does come with a $35 annual fee, unlike the other cards mentioned above that have no annual fee. The annual fee can be worthwhile if you're trying to build your credit and you have trouble qualifying for cards other cards. [ Return to card summary ]

Discover it® Secured Credit Card

Who's this for? The Discover it® Secured Credit Card is a well-rounded secured card that offers many of the benefits that are typically found with unsecured cards. Cardholders can earn cash back, receive a generous welcome bonus, use the card overseas without incurring added fees and more — all for no annual fee. Cardholders earn a competitive 2% cash back at Gas Stations and Restaurants on up to $1,000 in combined purchases each quarter, automatically. Plus earn unlimited 1% cash back on all other purchases. The welcome bonus is also unique: For new card members in the first year only, Discover will automatically match all the cash back you've earned at the end of your first year. If you earn $25 cash back at the end of the first year, Discover will give you an additional $25. This card requires a $200 security deposit, which is fairly standard for secured credit cards. It stands out from the crowd because cardholders have a clear path to upgrading to an unsecured card (and getting their deposit back). Starting at seven months from account opening, Discover will automatically review your credit card account to see if they can transition you to an unsecured line of credit and return your deposit. This takes the guesswork out of wondering when you'll qualify for an unsecured credit card. [ Return to card summary ]

Capital One Platinum Secured Credit Card

Who's this for? If you're looking for a secured card with a low deposit, the Capital One Platinum Secured Credit Card is your best option. This card has no annual fee and minimum security deposits starting as low as $49, $99 or $200, based on your creditworthiness. If you qualify for the low $49 or $99 deposits, you'll still receive a $200 credit limit. This is a great feature considering many secured cards require $200 deposits to receive an equivalent line of credit. By using your card responsibly and making on-time payments, you may be able to improve your credit score and be considered for a credit line increase in as little as six months. In addition to paying on time, make sure you pay in full, since this card has a very high 29.99% variable APR. [ Return to card summary ]

DCU Visa® Platinum Secured Credit Card

Who's this for? The DCU Visa® Platinum Secured Credit Card offers one of the lowest interest rates for a no annual fee secured card at 16.75% variable APR. While we don't recommend carrying a balance month-to-month (especially when you're trying to build or rebuild credit), it can be a good idea to choose a low interest secured card if you have a history of carrying balances or you're looking for a safety net. There is a higher-than-average $500 minimum security deposit to open the card. But it does come with some additional perks, including travel insurance, auto rental collision damage waiver and extended warranty protection. Membership to the Digital Federal Credit Union is required, but anyone can join in one of several ways: if you're a friend or family member of a DCU member, live in select communities, work for select employers or make a one-time contribution (as low as $10) to a participating organization. [ Return to card summary ] Act now: Check your credit score for free

Why trust CNBC Select?

At CNBC Select, our mission is to provide our readers with high-quality service journalism and comprehensive consumer advice so they can make informed decisions with their money. Every credit card review is based on rigorous reporting by our team of expert writers and editors with extensive knowledge of credit card products. While CNBC Select earns a commission from affiliate partners on many offers and links, we create all our content without input from our commercial team or any outside third parties, and we pride ourselves on our journalistic standards and ethics. See our methodology for more information on how we choose the best credit cards for bad credit. Find the best credit card for you by reviewing offers in our credit card marketplace or get personalized offers via CardMatch™.

Subscribe to the CNBC Select Newsletter! Money matters — so make the most of it. Get expert tips, strategies, news and everything else you need to maximize your money, right to your inbox. Sign up here.

Our methodology

To determine which credit cards offer the best value, CNBC Select analyzed 234 of the most popular credit cards available in the U.S. We compared each card on a range of features, including: annual fee, minimum security deposit, credit limit, rewards program, introductory and standard APR, welcome bonuses and foreign transaction fees, as well as factors such as required credit score and customer reviews when available. We also took into account how easy it is to upgrade the card from secured to unsecured and how quickly you can get your security deposit back. Because it's unusual for secured credit cards to have robust rewards programs, we did not analyze how many rewards points you can earn in the first year. For cardholders who are looking to rebuild credit, it's more important to practice good credit card habits — spending within your means, paying your balance on time and in full — than try to optimize your points balance. Catch up on CNBC Select's in-depth coverage of credit cards, banking and money, and follow us on TikTok, Facebook, Instagram and Twitter to stay up to date.

For rates and fees of the Discover it® Secured Credit Card, click here. Click here to view the Cardholder Agreement for the OpenSky® Secured Visa® Credit Card.

Editorial Note: Opinions, analyses, reviews or recommendations expressed in this article are those of the Select editorial staff’s alone, and have not been reviewed, approved or otherwise endorsed by any third party.

### DATE: 
2020-01-17

### Summary: 
The Discover it® Secured Credit Card is a well-rounded secured card that offers many of the benefits that are typically found with unsecured cards.
If you're looking for a secured card with a low deposit, the Capital One Platinum Secured Credit Card is your best option.
Every credit card review is based on rigorous reporting by our team of expert writers and editors with extensive knowledge of credit card products.
See our methodology for more information on how we choose the best credit cards for bad credit.
Find the best credit card for you by reviewing offers in our credit card marketplace or get personalized offers via CardMatch™.

### Keywords: 
card
best
fee
2024
secured
bad
cards
deposit
credit
rewards
cash
annual
apr

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 21


### TITLE: 
Best bad credit personal loans of November 2024

### TEXT: 
Looking to consolidate debt or make home improvements? Consider these personal loan offers. Offers in this section are from affiliate partners and selected based on a combination of engagement, product relevance, compensation, and consistent availability. Best Egg Personal Loan Annual Percentage Rate (APR) 7.99%–35.99% Loan amounts Up to $50,000 LEARN MORE Avant Personal Loans Annual Percentage Rate (APR) 9.95% to 35.99% Loan amounts $2,000 to $35,000 LEARN MORE

Compare loan offers

This tool is provided and powered by Engine by MoneyLion, a search and comparison engine that matches you with third-party lenders. Any information you provide is given directly to Engine by MoneyLion and it may use this information in accordance with its own privacy policies and terms of service. By submitting your information, you agree to receive emails from Engine by MoneyLion. Select does not control and is not responsible for third party policies or practices, nor does Select have access to any data you provide. Select may receive an affiliate commission from partner offers in the Engine by MoneyLion tool. The commission does not influence the selection in order of offers.

Best for flexible terms

OneMain Financial Personal Loans Learn More Annual Percentage Rate (APR) 18.00% to 35.99%

Loan purpose Debt consolidation, major expenses, emergency costs

Loan amounts $1,500 to $20,000

Terms 24 - 60 Months

Credit needed Poor/Fair

Origination fee Origination fee starting at $25 to $500 or percentage ranging from 1% to 10% (depends on your state)

Early payoff penalty None

Late fee Up to $30 per late payment or up to 15% (depends on your state) Terms apply.* Click here to see if you prequalify for a personal loan offer. Pros Approves applicants with bad or fair credit

No early payoff fees

Reasonable loan minimums ($1,500) for smaller needs

Can pre-qualify with a soft credit check (no hard inquiry right away)

ACH funding within 1-2 business days (sometimes same day with proper paperwork)

Option to apply for secured loan (with collateral) for potentially lower rates

Borrowers can choose the date the bill is due each month

Applicants may apply with a co-applicant or, if married, may apply for a loan separately from spouse Cons High origination fee

High interest rates

No autopay APR discount

No co-signers *You must complete a loan application and continue to meet any criteria used to select you for a loan offer. Not all applicants are approved. Loan approval and actual loan terms depend on applicant's state of residence and ability to meet OneMain Financial credit standards such as a responsible credit history, sufficient income after monthly expenses, and if applicable, availability of eligible collateral. Not all approved applicants qualify for larger loan amounts, lower APRs, or the most favorable loan terms. For example, larger loan amounts typically require a first lien on a motor vehicle that is no more than ten years old, meets our value requirements, and is titled in applicant's name with valid insurance. APRs are generally higher on loans not secured by a vehicle. Example Loan: A $6,000 loan with a 24.99% APR that is repayable in 60 monthly installments would have monthly payments of $176.07. OneMain charges origination fees allowed by law. Depending on the state where the loan is opened, the origination fee may be either a flat amount or a percentage of the loan amount. Flat fees vary by state, ranging from $25 to $500. Percentage-based fees vary by state, ranging from 1% to 10% of the loan amount subject to certain state limits on the fee amount. For information about these fees and minimum and maximum loan sizes available in certain states, visit omf.com/loanfees. Current OneMain Customers: Loan offers presented to a consumer assume the individual has no active loan with OneMain or one of its affiliates. If a customer applies for a new loan offer, a OneMain representative will discuss available options. Active-duty military, their spouse or dependents covered by the Military Lending Act (MLA) may not pledge any vehicle as collateral. If you are covered by the MLA, you are not eligible for secured loans.Loan proceeds cannot be used for postsecondary educational expenses as defined by the CFPB's Regulation Z such as college, university or vocational expense; for any business or commercial purpose; to purchase cryptocurrency assets, securities, derivatives or other speculative investments; or for gambling or illegal purposes.



Time to Fund Loans: Funding within one hour after loan closing through SpeedFunds® must be disbursed to a bank-issued debit card. Disbursement by check or ACH may take up to 1-2 business days after closing. Learn More View More

Who's this for? OneMain Financial Personal Loans is a solid contender if you want different options when it comes to the length of the repayment period. OneMain doesn't determine the terms of your loan just based on your credit score and there is no minimum credit score. The company looks at credit history, income, expenses, and if applicable, collateral. Standout benefits: You can see if you prequalify for a loan without undergoing a hard inquiry. While most personal loans are unsecured, OneMain offers people the option of using collateral to receive better loan terms. Collateral may be trucks, RVs, boats and campers. There are also no early payoff penalty fees. [ Jump to more details ]

Best for quick funding

Avant Personal Loans Learn More Annual Percentage Rate (APR) 9.95% to 35.99%

Loan purpose Debt consolidation, major expenses, emergency costs, home improvements

Loan amounts $2,000 to $35,000

Terms 24 to 60 months

Credit needed Poor/Fair

Origination fee Administration fee up to 9.99%

Early payoff penalty None

Late fee Up to $25 per late payment after 10-day grace period Click here to see if you prequalify for a personal loan offer. Terms apply. Pros Lends to applicants with scores lower credit scores

No early payoff fees

Can pre-qualify with a soft credit check (no hard inquiry)

Quick funding (often by the next day)

Late payment grace period of 10 days Cons Origination fee

Potentially high interest (caps at 35.99% APR)

No autopay APR discount

No direct payments to creditors (for debt consolidation)

No co-signers Learn More View More

Who's this for? Avant Personal Loans can be a good option if you need money in a pinch. If your credit score isn't great, you can still get approved as Avant looks at both your credit score and income. However, most of its customers have a credit score of 600 to 700, according to Avant. Standout benefits: You can also check if you prequalify without harming your credit score. If you're approved by 4:30 p.m. CT Monday through Friday, you'll receive your funds the next day. You can use the Avant Credit app to manage your account and pay your balance. [ Jump to more details ]

Best for fast approval

LendingPoint Personal Loans Learn More Annual Percentage Rate (APR) 7.99% to 35.99%

Loan purpose Debt consolidation, wedding, car repair, home renovations and more

Loan amounts From $1,000 to $36,500

Terms 24 to 72 months

Credit needed Poor/Fair

Origination fee Origination or other fees of up to 10% may apply depending upon your state of residence

Early payoff penalty None

Late fee Currently, LendingPoint does not charge any late fees but reserves the right to assess late fees of up to $30. Fees vary by state. Terms apply. Pros Fast application with same-day approval

Possible next-day funding (after final documents are verified/approved)

May approve applicants with minimum 620 credit score

Allows soft inquiry to prequalify

No early payoff fees Cons Origination fees of up to 10% vary by state.

Not available in Nevada or West Virginia

Must have a social security number

No joint or co-signed loans Who's eligible to apply for a LendingPoint loan: You must be at least 18 years of age. You must be able to provide a U.S. federal, state or local government issued photo ID. You must have a social security number. You must have a minimum annual income of $40,000 (from employment, retirement or some other source). You must have a verifiable personal bank account in your name. You must live in one of the states where LendingPoint does business (excludes Nevada and West Virginia). Learn More View More

Who's this for? LendingPoint is a good option if you want a loan with a decent APR. While LendingPoint doesn't have the lowest APRs, interest rates start at a relatively low rate of 7.99% to a high 35.99%. When determining eligibility for a loan, LendingPoint considers credit score, loan term, credit usage, loan amount and other factors. Once you provide all the required information, the company will provide you with loan offers in seconds. Standout benefits: Much like other personal loans, LendingPoint offers pre-qualification so you can check the terms of your potential loan without harming your credit score. LendingPoint will also inform you of the approval decision within seconds of applying. Generally, it will take one business day to receive the funds. [ Jump to more details ]

Best for people without a credit history

Upstart Personal Loans Learn More Annual Percentage Rate (APR) 7.8% - 35.99%

Loan purpose Debt consolidation, credit card refinancing, wedding, moving or medical

Loan amounts $1,000 to $50,000

Terms 36 and 60 months

Credit needed Credit score of 300 on at least one credit report (but will accept applicants whose credit history is so insufficient they don't have a credit score)

Origination fee 0% to 12% of the target amount

Early payoff penalty None

Late fee The greater of 5% of last amount due or $15, whichever is greater Terms apply. Pros Open to borrowers with fair credit (minimum 300 score)

Will accept applicants who have insufficient credit history and don't have a credit score

No early payoff fees

99% of personal loan funds are sent the next business day after completing required paperwork before 5 p.m. Monday through Friday Cons High late fees

Origination fee of 0% to 10% of the target amount (automatically withheld from the loan before it's delivered to you)

$10 fee to request paper copies of loan agreement (no fee for eSigned virtual copies)

Must have a Social Security number Learn More View More

Who's this for? Upstart is one of the few companies that look at factors beyond your credit score when determining eligibility. It also offers fairly low interest rates. It considers factors like education, employment, credit history and work experience. Generally, you'll need a credit score of about 300 to qualify for a loan, but you can qualify even if you have an insufficient credit history. Standout benefits: If you want to find out your APR before you apply, Upstart will perform a soft credit check. Once you apply for the loan, the company will perform a hard credit inquiry which will temporarily ding your credit score. Plus, Upstart has fast service — you'll get your money the next business day if you accept the loan before 5 p.m. EST Monday through Friday. [ Jump to more details ]

More on our top personal loans for bad credit

OneMain Financial

OneMain Financial provides access to credit to nonprime customers — borrowers with less-than-perfect credit. The company advertises products such as unsecured and secured personal loans and credit cards. Credit required Minimum credit score isn't advertised, but the company indicates it works with nonprime customers Loan amounts $1,000 to $50,000 Loan terms 24 to 60 months [ Back to summary ]

Avant

Avant, formerly AvantCredit, is an online fintech platform with the mission to improve the borrowing experience for middle-income consumers. It provides access to products such as credit cards and personal loans. Credit required According to Avant, most customers who receive loans have a credit score of at least 600 Loan amounts $2,000 to $35,000 Loan terms 24 to 60 months [ Back to summary ]

LendingPoint

LendingPoint is a provider of personal loans that uses proprietary technology to allow more borrowers to qualify for financing. It evaluates data beyond credit scores to assess customers' eligibility. Credit required LendingPoint doesn't list a minimum credit score in its eligibility criteria Loan amounts $1,000 to $36,500 Loan terms 2 to 6 years [ Back to summary ]

Upstart

Upstart is an online lending platform that connects borrowers with lenders using AI technology to provide improved access to credit. The company advertises various types of personal loans, debt consolidation products and car loan refinancing. Credit required Credit score of 300 on at least one credit report (but will accept applicants with insufficient credit history) Loan amounts $1,000 to $50,000 Loan terms 3 and 5 years [ Back to summary ]

What is considered a bad credit score?

Here is how lenders classify "fair" and "poor" credit scores: FICO Score Very poor: 300 to 579

Fair: 580 to 669

Good: 670 to 739

Very good: 740 to 799

Excellent: 800 to 850 VantageScore Very poor: 300 to 499

Poor: 500 to 600

Fair: 601 to 660

Good: 661 to 780

Excellent: 781 to 850 A good credit score starts at 670 on the FICO scale and 661 for VantageScore. Anything over 740 is considered very good, and above an 800 FICO® score (or 781 VantageScore) is considered excellent. Scores lower than 670, and certainly scores lower than 600, will most likely disqualify you for the most affordable personal loans. But if you're in a pinch, it's not all-out impossible to get a loan with a credit score in the high 500s or low 600s. See if you're pre-approved for a personal loan offer.

Tips to qualify for a bad credit loan

Qualifying for a loan if you have bad credit may be tricky but you can take steps to improve your chances of approval, including: Checking your credit: While you might already know your credit requires some work, knowing your score can help you weed out personal loan lenders whose credit requirements you aren't likely to meet. Plus, checking your credit report for errors and disputing them might have a positive effect on your scores.

While you might already know your credit requires some work, knowing your score can help you weed out personal loan lenders whose credit requirements you aren't likely to meet. Plus, checking your credit report for errors and disputing them might have a positive effect on your scores. Pre-qualifying: Pre-qualification can help you determine whether you're likely to be approved for a loan. Additionally, you'll see your estimated loan terms, which will allow you to shop around for the best rates.

Pre-qualification can help you determine whether you're likely to be approved for a loan. Additionally, you'll see your estimated loan terms, which will allow you to shop around for the best rates. Using a co-signer or co-borrower: If a family member or trusted friend has a good credit score, you can ask them to be a co-signer or co-borrower on your loan. Co-signers have no access to loan funds or payment information but agree to repay the loan if the borrower fails to make payments. Co-borrowers, on the other hand, can access the funds and payment information and are also responsible for the loan and any missed or late payments. Note that if you don't repay the loan as agreed, your co-borrower's or co-signer's credit will be negatively impacted along with yours.

If a family member or trusted friend has a good credit score, you can ask them to be a co-signer or co-borrower on your loan. Co-signers have no access to loan funds or payment information but agree to repay the loan if the borrower fails to make payments. Co-borrowers, on the other hand, can access the funds and payment information and are also responsible for the loan and any missed or late payments. Note that if you don't repay the loan as agreed, your co-borrower's or co-signer's credit will be negatively impacted along with yours. Adding collateral: You can secure your personal loan by adding collateral. For example, you might be able to pledge your car or money in your savings account as collateral. If you fail to repay the loan, the lender has the right to take your collateral. This makes a secured personal loan risky but also more accessible to borrowers with low credit scores.

You can secure your personal loan by adding collateral. For example, you might be able to pledge your car or money in your savings account as collateral. If you fail to repay the loan, the lender has the right to take your collateral. This makes a secured personal loan risky but also more accessible to borrowers with low credit scores. Including additional income: Many lenders allow you to add non-employment income on your loan application, such as Social Security payments, alimony or child support. A higher income can improve your chances of getting approved.

Alternatives to high-interest loans

Bad credit might stop you from qualifying for credit products like 0% APR credit cards or low-interest personal loans. If you want to avoid paying high interest rates, you can look into the following alternatives: Peer-to-peer (P2P) loans: P2P loans are offered by individual investors rather than financial institutions. These lenders might be more willing to work with borrowers with lower credit scores and offer lower interest rates.

P2P loans are offered by individual investors rather than financial institutions. These lenders might be more willing to work with borrowers with lower credit scores and offer lower interest rates. Life insurance policy loan: If you have life insurance, you can borrow from its cash value using your policy as collateral. Typically, this type of loan doesn't require a credit check and might offer more favorable terms than a personal loan.

If you have life insurance, you can borrow from its cash value using your policy as collateral. Typically, this type of loan doesn't require a credit check and might offer more favorable terms than a personal loan. 401(k) loan: You may be able to borrow money from your workplace retirement account. You'll have to repay it with interest, but the interest will go back into your 401(k) account along with balance payments. This type of loan also usually doesn't have a minimum credit requirement. Note, however, that a 401(k) loan should be one of the last resort options as the money you borrow from your retirement account loses the potential to keep growing over time, decreasing your future retirement savings.

What's the difference between secured vs. unsecured loans?

A secured loan is a loan backed by collateral. The most common types of secured loans are mortgages and car loans, where the collateral is your home or car. But really, collateral can be any kind of financial asset you own. And if you don't pay back your loan, the bank can seize your collateral as payment. A repossession stays on your credit report for up to seven years. An unsecured loan requires no collateral, though you're still charged interest and sometimes fees. Student loans, personal loans and credit cards are all examples of unsecured loans. Since there's no collateral, financial institutions give out unsecured loans based in large part on your credit score, income and history of repaying past debts. For this reason, unsecured loans may have higher interest rates (but not always) than a secured loan.

Pros and cons of bad credit loans

Potential borrowers should always carefully consider the type of loan they're seeking as well as the loan terms. While bad credit personal loans can be a great tool if used wisely, there are still some advantages and disadvantages to consider. Pros You gain access to an unsecured personal loan. These types of loans can give you the financial flexibility to see you through a rough patch or cover an emergency, provided you manage the debt with care.

These types of loans can give you the financial flexibility to see you through a rough patch or cover an emergency, provided you manage the debt with care. You can (sometimes) get a lower rate with a co-signer. Some lenders specializing in borrowers with bad credit will let you take on a co-signer to improve your qualification chances. A co-signer may also help you get better interest rates.

Some lenders specializing in borrowers with bad credit will let you take on a co-signer to improve your qualification chances. A co-signer may also help you get better interest rates. You can potentially improve your credit score. Paying back your loan on time each month can also help improve your credit score since payment history accounts for 35% of it. Cons Applying for a new loan can temporarily lower your credit score. Because the lender will perform a hard credit check on you, your credit score will take a small dip. This is temporary and practicing positive credit habits will help you raise your credit score.

Because the lender will perform a hard credit check on you, your credit score will take a small dip. This is temporary and practicing positive credit habits will help you raise your credit score. You may get a high rate. Typically, lenders offer the lowest interest rates to individuals with higher credit scores. So if you apply with a low credit score, be prepared for higher interest rate offers.

Typically, lenders offer the lowest interest rates to individuals with higher credit scores. So if you apply with a low credit score, be prepared for higher interest rate offers. You may only qualify for a small loan amount. Many lenders consider your credit score when determining the loan amount to offer you. If you need significantly more money, you may have a hard time qualifying for a larger loan with a low credit score.

FAQs Can I pre-qualify without hurting my credit score? Most lenders provide the option to pre-qualify with a soft credit inquiry that doesn't affect your scores. Do personal loans build credit? If you always pay your loan on time, it can build your credit — provided the lender reports your payments to the credit bureaus. Can I borrow money with a 500 credit score? Some lenders work with borrowers with bad credit, but you can expect higher interest rates and fees.

Subscribe to the CNBC Select Newsletter! Money matters — so make the most of it. Get expert tips, strategies, news and everything else you need to maximize your money, right to your inbox. Sign up here.

Why trust CNBC Select?

At CNBC Select, our mission is to provide our readers with high-quality service journalism and comprehensive consumer advice so they can make informed decisions with their money. Every personal loan list is based on rigorous reporting by our team of expert writers and editors with extensive knowledge of loan products. While CNBC Select earns a commission from affiliate partners on many offers and links, we create all our content without input from our commercial team or any outside third parties, and we pride ourselves on our journalistic standards and ethics. See our methodology for more information on how we choose the best bad credit loans.

Our methodology

To determine which personal loans are best for bad credit, CNBC Select analyzed dozens of U.S. personal loans offered by both online and brick-and-mortar banks, including large credit unions. We also considered CNBC Select audience data when available, such as general demographics and engagement with our content and tools. When possible, we chose loans with no origination or sign-up fees, but we also included options for borrowers with lower credit scores on this list. Some of those options have origination fees. When narrowing down and ranking the best personal loans, we focused on the following features: Fixed-rate APR: Variable rates can go up and down over the lifetime of your loan. With a fixed rate APR, you lock in an interest rate for the duration of the loan's term, which means your monthly payment won't vary, making your budget easier to plan.

Variable rates can go up and down over the lifetime of your loan. With a fixed rate APR, you lock in an interest rate for the duration of the loan's term, which means your monthly payment won't vary, making your budget easier to plan. Flexible minimum and maximum loan amounts/terms: Each lender provides more than one financing option that you can customize based on your monthly budget and how long you need to repay your loan.

Each lender provides more than one financing option that you can customize based on your monthly budget and how long you need to repay your loan. No early payoff penalties: The lenders on our list do not charge borrowers for paying off loans early.

The lenders on our list do not charge borrowers for paying off loans early. Streamlined application process: We considered whether lenders offered same-day approval decisions and a fast online application process.

We considered whether lenders offered same-day approval decisions and a fast online application process. Customer support: Every loan on our list provides customer service available via telephone, email or secure online messaging. We also opted for lenders with an online resource hub or advice center to help you educate yourself about the personal loan process and your finances.

Every loan on our list provides customer service available via telephone, email or secure online messaging. We also opted for lenders with an online resource hub or advice center to help you educate yourself about the personal loan process and your finances. Fund disbursement: The loans on our list deliver funds promptly through either an electronic wire transfer to your checking account or in the form of a paper check. Some lenders (which we noted) offer the ability to pay your creditors directly.

The loans on our list deliver funds promptly through either an electronic wire transfer to your checking account or in the form of a paper check. Some lenders (which we noted) offer the ability to pay your creditors directly. Autopay discounts: We noted the lenders that reward you for enrolling in autopay by lowering your APR by 0.25% to 0.5%.

We noted the lenders that reward you for enrolling in autopay by lowering your APR by 0.25% to 0.5%. Creditor payment limits and loan sizes: The above lenders provide loans in an array of sizes, from $1,000 to $100,000. Each lender advertises its respective payment limits and loan sizes, and completing a preapproval process can give you an idea of what your interest rate and monthly payment would be for such an amount. The rates and fee structures advertised for personal loans are subject to fluctuate in accordance with the Fed rate. However, once you accept your loan agreement, a fixed-rate APR will guarantee your interest rate and monthly payment will remain consistent throughout the entire term of the loan. Your APR, monthly payment and loan amount depend on your credit history and creditworthiness. To take out a loan, many lenders will conduct a hard credit inquiry and request a full application, which could require proof of income, identity verification, proof of address and more. Catch up on CNBC Select's in-depth coverage of credit cards, banking and money, and follow us on TikTok, Facebook, Instagram and Twitter to stay up to date.

Editorial Note: Opinions, analyses, reviews or recommendations expressed in this article are those of the Select editorial staff’s alone, and have not been reviewed, approved or otherwise endorsed by any third party.

### DATE: 
2021-03-18

### Summary: 
If your credit score isn't great, you can still get approved as Avant looks at both your credit score and income.
When determining eligibility for a loan, LendingPoint considers credit score, loan term, credit usage, loan amount and other factors.
Alternatives to high-interest loansBad credit might stop you from qualifying for credit products like 0% APR credit cards or low-interest personal loans.
Student loans, personal loans and credit cards are all examples of unsecured loans.
Our methodologyTo determine which personal loans are best for bad credit, CNBC Select analyzed dozens of U.S. personal loans offered by both online and brick-and-mortar banks, including large credit unions.

### Keywords: 
best
loans
2024
bad
score
terms
credit
interest
lenders
loan
apr
collateral
personal

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 22


### TITLE: 
The best debt consolidation loans if you have bad credit

### TEXT: 
Best for low origination fees

Achieve® Personal Loans Learn More Annual Percentage Rate (APR) 8.99% to 35.99%

Loan purpose Debt consolidation, major purchase

Loan amounts $5,000 to $50,000

Terms 24 and 60 months

Credit needed 620 or higher

Origination fee 1.99% to 6.99%

Early payoff penalty None

Late fee See terms Terms apply.

Who's this for? Achieve is an excellent debt consolidation loan option for those with imperfect credit, thanks to its flexible terms, fast approval, quick funding and relatively reasonable interest rates. To qualify for a personal loan from Achieve, you'll need a credit score of 620, which is considered fair. You can see whether you're likely to be approved when you apply online: Achieve will perform a soft credit inquiry, meaning it won't impact your score. If you opt to proceed with your application after pre-approval, the company will do a hard credit check that might ding you a few credit points. Achieve offers same-day approvals and can then send funds within 24 to 72 hours. If your credit leaves a lot to be desired, you're more likely to qualify for an interest rate on the higher end of the APR range. Most debt consolidation loans for bad credit can charge interest of up to 36%, but Achieve's highest interest rate is considerably lower.

Best for people without a credit history

Upstart Personal Loans Learn More Annual Percentage Rate (APR) 7.8% - 35.99%

Loan purpose Debt consolidation, credit card refinancing, wedding, moving or medical

Loan amounts $1,000 to $50,000

Terms 36 and 60 months

Credit needed Credit score of 300 on at least one credit report (but will accept applicants whose credit history is so insufficient they don't have a credit score)

Origination fee 0% to 12% of the target amount

Early payoff penalty None

Late fee The greater of 5% of last amount due or $15, whichever is greater Terms apply. Pros Open to borrowers with fair credit (minimum 300 score)

Will accept applicants who have insufficient credit history and don't have a credit score

No early payoff fees

99% of personal loan funds are sent the next business day after completing required paperwork before 5 p.m. Monday through Friday Cons High late fees

Origination fee of 0% to 10% of the target amount (automatically withheld from the loan before it's delivered to you)

$10 fee to request paper copies of loan agreement (no fee for eSigned virtual copies)

Must have a Social Security number Learn More View More

Who's this for? Upstart can be a solid option for those with no credit history. The company considers factors beyond your credit when evaluating your application, such as your work experience and education history. You can borrow as little as $1,000, which also makes Upstart a good choice if you need a smaller loan. Upstart lets you check the interest rate you'll get before applying without any impact to your credit score. According to Upstart, 99% of personal loan funds are sent one business day after signing. Note, however, that the origination fees could get somewhat expensive, depending on the terms of your loan.

Best for flexible repayment terms

Upgrade Personal Loans Learn More Annual Percentage Rate (APR) 9.99% - 35.99%

Loan purpose Debt consolidation/refinancing, home improvement, major purchase

Loan amounts $1,000 to $50,000

Terms 24 to 84* months

Credit needed 600+

Origination fee 1.85% to 9.99%, deducted from loan proceeds

Early payoff penalty None

Late fee Up to $10 (with 15-day grace period) Terms apply. Pros No early payoff fees

Loans up to $50,000

Fixed interest rates (no surprises)

Can pay creditors directly (may take up to two weeks)

Several available discounts including autopay

Fast funding in as little as four days Cons Origination fee of up to 9.99% (deducted from your loan)

Not available in Washington D.C. Why Upgrade is the best for financial literacy: Free credit score simulator to help you visualize how different scenarios and actions may impact your credit

Charts that track your trends and credit health over time, helping you understand how certain financial choices affect your credit score

Ability to sign up for free credit monitoring and weekly VantageScore updates Learn More View More

Who's this for? Upgrade stands out for offering plenty of loan term options, making it easier to find a repayment plan that fits your situation. Upgrade can also send funds directly to your creditors making the process simpler for you. You can borrow as little as $1,000 and get the funds within one business day of submitting all the required documents. Available loan term lengths range from 24 months to 84 months. The interest rates are pretty standard for this type of loan and you can check what APR you'll get before committing to the loan.

Best for fast approval

LendingPoint Personal Loans Learn More Annual Percentage Rate (APR) 7.99% to 35.99%

Loan purpose Debt consolidation, wedding, car repair, home renovations and more

Loan amounts From $1,000 to $36,500

Terms 24 to 72 months

Credit needed Poor/Fair

Origination fee Origination or other fees of up to 10% may apply depending upon your state of residence

Early payoff penalty None

Late fee Currently, LendingPoint does not charge any late fees but reserves the right to assess late fees of up to $30. Fees vary by state. Terms apply. Pros Fast application with same-day approval

Possible next-day funding (after final documents are verified/approved)

May approve applicants with minimum 620 credit score

Allows soft inquiry to prequalify

No early payoff fees Cons Origination fees of up to 10% vary by state.

Not available in Nevada or West Virginia

Must have a social security number

No joint or co-signed loans Who's eligible to apply for a LendingPoint loan: You must be at least 18 years of age. You must be able to provide a U.S. federal, state or local government issued photo ID. You must have a social security number. You must have a minimum annual income of $40,000 (from employment, retirement or some other source). You must have a verifiable personal bank account in your name. You must live in one of the states where LendingPoint does business (excludes Nevada and West Virginia). Learn More View More

Who's this for? LendingPoint is worth considering if you need quick access to funds but your credit score is poor. You can check the terms you'll get without impacting your credit score. Once you apply, the company will let you know whether you're approved within seconds. Then, it should take one business day to get the funds. Note that LendingPoint has an income requirement of $35,000 and doesn't offer loans in Nevada and West Virginia.

Best for low origination fees

Avant Personal Loans Learn More Annual Percentage Rate (APR) 9.95% to 35.99%

Loan purpose Debt consolidation, major expenses, emergency costs, home improvements

Loan amounts $2,000 to $35,000

Terms 24 to 60 months

Credit needed Poor/Fair

Origination fee Administration fee up to 9.99%

Early payoff penalty None

Late fee Up to $25 per late payment after 10-day grace period Click here to see if you prequalify for a personal loan offer. Terms apply. Pros Lends to applicants with scores lower credit scores

No early payoff fees

Can pre-qualify with a soft credit check (no hard inquiry)

Quick funding (often by the next day)

Late payment grace period of 10 days Cons Origination fee

Potentially high interest (caps at 35.99% APR)

No autopay APR discount

No direct payments to creditors (for debt consolidation)

No co-signers Learn More View More

Who's this for? Avant can be an excellent option if you're looking to save on the upfront costs of your debt consolidation loan. While other lenders on our list charge 7% or more in origination fees, Avant will charge you 4.75% or less. If you're borrowing a large amount of money, this can lead to significant savings. Additionally, you can receive the money quickly. If you're approved by 4:30 p.m. CT on a business day, you'll receive your funds the next day. Plus, you can prequalify without affecting your credit score.

Compare offers to find the best loan

FAQs

Can I apply for debt consolidation with bad credit?

It's possible to qualify for a debt consolidation loan with bad credit (a credit score of under 670). However, it's important to pay attention to the terms. Interest rates on personal loans for poor credit may at times exceed APRs on credit cards, especially if you apply with a low credit score. When that's the case, taking out a loan to get rid of your debt might not be the best option. Instead, consider other ways to tackle your balances. For instance, you might be able to negotiate repayment terms with your current creditors. It can also be a good idea to look into credit counseling and get help creating a debt management plan. Don't miss: The best personal loans if you have bad credit but still need access to cash

Why can't I get a debt consolidation loan?

Even with debt consolidation loans for bad credit, approval isn't guaranteed. Lenders typically look at multiple factors when evaluating a loan application. For example, you might be denied if you don't meet income requirements or if your debt-to-income ratio is too high. Note that any lender that denies your credit application must disclose the specific reasons it has turned you down within 60 days under the Equal Credit Opportunity Act.

What is the downside to consolidating debt?

Debt consolidation might be an excellent debt repayment strategy but it's not perfect for everyone. Here are some disadvantages to consider: You may end up with a higher interest rate. This is especially true if you have less-than-ideal credit. Or, even if you get a lower APR, you might still pay more in interest if you've picked a long loan term.

This is especially true if you have less-than-ideal credit. Or, even if you get a lower APR, you might still pay more in interest if you've picked a long loan term. You may pay upfront costs. Debt consolidation loans typically charge loan origination fees which can run high if you're dealing with a large debt.

Debt consolidation loans typically charge loan origination fees which can run high if you're dealing with a large debt. You might be tempted to continue spending. Merging multiple balances into one loan may feel like a weight off your shoulders. However, if you know you have trouble living below your means or saving enough, you might fall back into your old patterns once you feel free of debt. To avoid that, be disciplined about your budget and make a point to prioritize debt repayment.

How long does it take to get approved for a debt consolidation loan?

You can expect to receive the lender's decision within a few business days. However, many lenders might also approve you instantly. For a smooth process, make sure you provide any documentation the lender requires with your application and promptly respond to requests for more information.

How to choose the best debt consolidation loan

Shopping around is crucial when you're choosing a lender or financial product. When determining the best debt consolidation loan for you, look beyond the APRs. While the interest rate is often the deciding factor, you should also pay attention to other costs associated with the loan. For instance, some lenders charge origination fees which can get as high as 10% of the loan amount. Additionally, pay attention to extra features and user experience the lender offers. For example, do they provide a convenient way for the borrower to manage their loan virtually? Is there an option to chat with customer service online? And finally, it can be helpful to read customer reviews on websites like the Better Business Bureau to ensure the lender offers a solid level of service.

Alternatives to debt consolidation

A debt consolidation loan might be hard to secure if you have credit issues, and even then, the terms might not be favorable. Some alternatives to debt consolidation you can look into include: Mortgage refinancing : If you have a mortgage, you may be able to replace it with a new larger one and use the difference to consolidate debt. This type of loan is called "cash-out refinance". Note that most lenders require a credit score of at least 620 to qualify.

If you have a mortgage, you may be able to replace it with a new larger one and use the difference to consolidate debt. This type of loan is called "cash-out refinance". Note that most lenders require a credit score of at least 620 to qualify. Negotiating with your lenders: When managing your debt becomes challenging, don't be afraid to reach out to your lenders and credit card issuers. While not guaranteed, they may be able to offer help. For example, they may agree to lower your interest rate, develop a payment plan or provide other arrangements to make your loan more manageable. It's always best to keep open communication with your financial institutions.

When managing your debt becomes challenging, don't be afraid to reach out to your lenders and credit card issuers. While not guaranteed, they may be able to offer help. For example, they may agree to lower your interest rate, develop a payment plan or provide other arrangements to make your loan more manageable. It's always best to keep open communication with your financial institutions. Credit counseling: In a credit counseling program, a certified financial expert will take an in-depth look at your finances and offer steps to improve your situation. For instance, they may recommend a debt management program where the credit counseling organization would develop a payment plan with your lenders for you. The most reputable organizations are nonprofits and don't charge for their services (or require a low fixed rate). You can search for a credit counseling provider at the National Federation for Credit Counseling (NFCC) and the Financial Counseling Association of America (FCAA).

In a credit counseling program, a certified financial expert will take an in-depth look at your finances and offer steps to improve your situation. For instance, they may recommend a debt management program where the credit counseling organization would develop a payment plan with your lenders for you. The most reputable organizations are nonprofits and don't charge for their services (or require a low fixed rate). You can search for a credit counseling provider at the National Federation for Credit Counseling (NFCC) and the Financial Counseling Association of America (FCAA). Debt relief: Debt relief companies can also negotiate what you owe with your creditors for a fee. However, debt settlement comes with potential risks as it requires that you stop making payments while the negotiation is in process. This can cause a huge hit to your credit score. Even worse, some lenders may try to sue you. Keeping this in mind, you might want to consider debt settlement the last-resort option.

Bottom line

Consolidating debt may be a difficult task if your credit score isn't perfect. Luckily, it's still possible to qualify for a debt consolidation loan even with a low score. It's important to do the math before taking out a debt consolidation loan. Check the APR before applying if the lender offers this option and factor in origination fees to determine whether a debt consolidation loan will save you money. If not, you might be better off finding a different strategy to deal with your debt.

Subscribe to the CNBC Select Newsletter! Money matters — so make the most of it. Get expert tips, strategies, news and everything else you need to maximize your money, right to your inbox. Sign up here.

Why trust CNBC Select?

At CNBC Select, our mission is to provide our readers with high-quality service journalism and comprehensive consumer advice so they can make informed decisions with their money. Every debt consolidation loan review is based on rigorous reporting by our team of expert writers and editors with extensive knowledge of loan products. While CNBC Select earns a commission from affiliate partners on many offers and links, we create all our content without input from our commercial team or any outside third parties, and we pride ourselves on our journalistic standards and ethics. See our methodology for more information on how we chose the best bad credit debt consolidation loans.

Our methodology

To determine which debt consolidation loans are the best for consumers with bad credit, CNBC Select analyzed dozens of U.S. personal loans offered by both online and brick-and-mortar banks, including large credit unions. When narrowing down and ranking the best personal loans, we focused on the following features: Fixed-rate APR: Variable rates can go up and down over the lifetime of your loan. With a fixed rate APR, you lock in an interest rate for the duration of the loan's term, which means your monthly payment won't vary, making your budget easier to plan.

Variable rates can go up and down over the lifetime of your loan. With a fixed rate APR, you lock in an interest rate for the duration of the loan's term, which means your monthly payment won't vary, making your budget easier to plan. Flexible minimum and maximum loan amounts/terms: Each lender provides more than one financing option that you can customize based on your monthly budget and how long you need to pay back your loan.

Each lender provides more than one financing option that you can customize based on your monthly budget and how long you need to pay back your loan. No early payoff penalties: The lenders on our list do not charge borrowers for paying off loans early.

The lenders on our list do not charge borrowers for paying off loans early. Streamlined application process: We considered whether lenders offered same-day approval decisions and a fast online application process.

We considered whether lenders offered same-day approval decisions and a fast online application process. Customer support: Every loan on our list provides customer service available via telephone, email or secure online messaging. We also opted for lenders with an online resource hub or advice center to help you educate yourself about the personal loan process and your finances.

Every loan on our list provides customer service available via telephone, email or secure online messaging. We also opted for lenders with an online resource hub or advice center to help you educate yourself about the personal loan process and your finances. Fund disbursement: The loans on our list deliver funds promptly through either an electronic wire transfer to your checking account or in the form of a paper check. Some lenders (which we noted) offer the ability to pay your creditors directly.

The loans on our list deliver funds promptly through either an electronic wire transfer to your checking account or in the form of a paper check. Some lenders (which we noted) offer the ability to pay your creditors directly. Creditor payment limits and loan sizes: The above lenders provide loans in an array of sizes, from $1,000 to $50,000. Each lender advertises its respective payment limits and loan sizes, and completing a preapproval process can give you an idea of what your interest rate and monthly payment would be for such an amount. The rates and fee structures advertised for personal loans are subject to fluctuate in accordance with the Fed rate. However, once you accept your loan agreement, a fixed-rate APR will guarantee your interest rate and monthly payment will remain consistent throughout the entire term of the loan. Your APR, monthly payment and loan amount depend on your credit history and creditworthiness. To take out a loan, many lenders will conduct a hard credit inquiry and request a full application, which could require proof of income, identity verification, proof of address and more. Catch up on CNBC Select's in-depth coverage of credit cards, banking and money, and follow us on TikTok, Facebook, Instagram and Twitter to stay up to date.

Editorial Note: Opinions, analyses, reviews or recommendations expressed in this article are those of the Select editorial staff’s alone, and have not been reviewed, approved or otherwise endorsed by any third party.

### DATE: 
2023-01-12

### Summary: 
Most debt consolidation loans for bad credit can charge interest of up to 36%, but Achieve's highest interest rate is considerably lower.
It's possible to qualify for a debt consolidation loan with bad credit (a credit score of under 670).
Don't miss: The best personal loans if you have bad credit but still need access to cashWhy can't I get a debt consolidation loan?
See our methodology for more information on how we chose the best bad credit debt consolidation loans.
Our methodologyTo determine which debt consolidation loans are the best for consumers with bad credit, CNBC Select analyzed dozens of U.S. personal loans offered by both online and brick-and-mortar banks, including large credit unions.

### Keywords: 
best
fee
loans
consolidation
bad
credit
interest
debt
lenders
loan
rate
personal

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 23


### TITLE: 
3 personal loan lenders to consider if you don't have a credit score

### TEXT: 
Compare offers to find the best loan

This tool is provided and powered by Engine by Moneylion, a search and comparison engine that matches you with third-party lenders. Any information you provide is given directly to Engine by Moneylion and it may use this information in accordance with its own privacy policies and terms of service. By submitting your information, you agree to receive emails from Engine by Moneylion. Select does not control and is not responsible for third party policies or practices, nor does Select have access to any data you provide. Select may receive an affiliate commission from partner offers in the Engine by Moneylion tool. The commission does not influence the selection in order of offers.

Best overall

SoFi Personal Loans Learn More Annual Percentage Rate (APR) 8.99% - 29.49% when you sign up for autopay

Loan purpose Debt consolidation/refinancing, home improvement, relocation assistance or medical expenses

Loan amounts $5,000 to $100,000

Terms 24 to 84 months

Credit needed Good to excellent

Origination fee No fees required

Early payoff penalty None

Late fee None Terms apply. Pros No origination fees required, no early payoff fees, no late fees

Unemployment protection if you lose your job

DACA recipients can apply with a creditworthy co-borrower who is a U.S. citizen/permanent resident by calling 877-936-2269

Can have more than one SoFi loan at a time (state-permitting)

May accept offer of employment (to start within the next 90 days) as proof of income

Co-applicants may apply Cons Applicants who are U.S. visa holders must have more than two years remaining on visa to be eligible

No co-signers allowed (co-applicants only) Fixed rates from 8.99% APR to 29.49% APR reflect the 0.25% autopay interest rate discount and a 0.25% direct deposit interest rate discount. SoFi rate ranges are current as of 02/06/2024 and are subject to change without notice. The average of SoFi Personal Loans funded in 2022 was around $30K. Not all applicants qualify for the lowest rate. Lowest rates reserved for the most creditworthy borrowers. Your actual rate will be within the range of rates listed and will depend on the term you select, evaluation of your creditworthiness, income, and a variety of other factors. Learn More View More

Who's this for? While SoFi generally accepts good or excellent credit for its personal loan products, borrowers can apply for a loan using a co-applicant. A co-applicant can be beneficial for someone who has damaged or poor credit or a credit history that's so insufficient that they likely may not be approved for the loan if they applied alone. An ideal co-applicant will have a higher credit score and higher income. These attributes tell lenders that the borrowers are more likely to be able to afford to repay the loan. The co-applicant is also financially on the hook for repaying the loan if the other co-applicant fails to make payments. SoFi doesn't charge any late fees, or early payoff fees. And, you can borrow between $5,000 to $100,000, which makes SoFi an attractive option for people who need to borrow larger amounts for bigger expenses. You can get your loan funded the same day, or the next business day, providing you don't need to apply with additional information. Plus, when you sign up for a SoFi Personal Loan, you can join its membership platform to take advantage of a host of other perks like career counseling, financial advising and more.

Best for borrowing small amounts

Upstart Personal Loans Learn More Annual Percentage Rate (APR) 7.8% - 35.99%

Loan purpose Debt consolidation, credit card refinancing, wedding, moving or medical

Loan amounts $1,000 to $50,000

Terms 36 and 60 months

Credit needed Credit score of 300 on at least one credit report (but will accept applicants whose credit history is so insufficient they don't have a credit score)

Origination fee 0% to 12% of the target amount

Early payoff penalty None

Late fee The greater of 5% of last amount due or $15, whichever is greater Terms apply. Pros Open to borrowers with fair credit (minimum 300 score)

Will accept applicants who have insufficient credit history and don't have a credit score

No early payoff fees

99% of personal loan funds are sent the next business day after completing required paperwork before 5 p.m. Monday through Friday Cons High late fees

Origination fee of 0% to 10% of the target amount (automatically withheld from the loan before it's delivered to you)

$10 fee to request paper copies of loan agreement (no fee for eSigned virtual copies)

Must have a Social Security number Learn More View More

Who's this for? Upstart usually approves applicants with a FICO score of 300 or higher, but this lender also accepts applicants with no credit history, making it a good choice for someone who needs to borrow a larger amount of money but doesn't have sufficient credit history. Just keep in mind that if you are approved for the loan with a lower (or no) credit score, you may be subject to a higher interest rate. You can apply for loan amounts as low as $1,000 and as much as $50,000. The $1,000 minimum makes the loan feel a little more accessible for those who don't need to borrow too much money. It's generally best to only apply for what you'll need since borrowing more will result in higher monthly payments. And while there are no penalties for paying off your balance early, Upstart does charge an origination fee (up to 12% of the amount you borrow) and late fees ($15 or 5% of the past due balance, whichever is greater). When it comes to repaying the balance, loan terms range from 36 to 60 months, which can be appealing to borrowers who think they may need a longer time horizon to repay the entire loan.

Best for flexible terms

OneMain Financial Personal Loans Learn More Annual Percentage Rate (APR) 18.00% to 35.99%

Loan purpose Debt consolidation, major expenses, emergency costs

Loan amounts $1,500 to $20,000

Terms 24 - 60 Months

Credit needed Poor/Fair

Origination fee Origination fee starting at $25 to $500 or percentage ranging from 1% to 10% (depends on your state)

Early payoff penalty None

Late fee Up to $30 per late payment or up to 15% (depends on your state) Terms apply.* Click here to see if you prequalify for a personal loan offer. Pros Approves applicants with bad or fair credit

No early payoff fees

Reasonable loan minimums ($1,500) for smaller needs

Can pre-qualify with a soft credit check (no hard inquiry right away)

ACH funding within 1-2 business days (sometimes same day with proper paperwork)

Option to apply for secured loan (with collateral) for potentially lower rates

Borrowers can choose the date the bill is due each month

Applicants may apply with a co-applicant or, if married, may apply for a loan separately from spouse Cons High origination fee

High interest rates

No autopay APR discount

No co-signers *You must complete a loan application and continue to meet any criteria used to select you for a loan offer. Not all applicants are approved. Loan approval and actual loan terms depend on applicant's state of residence and ability to meet OneMain Financial credit standards such as a responsible credit history, sufficient income after monthly expenses, and if applicable, availability of eligible collateral. Not all approved applicants qualify for larger loan amounts, lower APRs, or the most favorable loan terms. For example, larger loan amounts typically require a first lien on a motor vehicle that is no more than ten years old, meets our value requirements, and is titled in applicant's name with valid insurance. APRs are generally higher on loans not secured by a vehicle. Example Loan: A $6,000 loan with a 24.99% APR that is repayable in 60 monthly installments would have monthly payments of $176.07. OneMain charges origination fees allowed by law. Depending on the state where the loan is opened, the origination fee may be either a flat amount or a percentage of the loan amount. Flat fees vary by state, ranging from $25 to $500. Percentage-based fees vary by state, ranging from 1% to 10% of the loan amount subject to certain state limits on the fee amount. For information about these fees and minimum and maximum loan sizes available in certain states, visit omf.com/loanfees. Current OneMain Customers: Loan offers presented to a consumer assume the individual has no active loan with OneMain or one of its affiliates. If a customer applies for a new loan offer, a OneMain representative will discuss available options. Active-duty military, their spouse or dependents covered by the Military Lending Act (MLA) may not pledge any vehicle as collateral. If you are covered by the MLA, you are not eligible for secured loans.Loan proceeds cannot be used for postsecondary educational expenses as defined by the CFPB's Regulation Z such as college, university or vocational expense; for any business or commercial purpose; to purchase cryptocurrency assets, securities, derivatives or other speculative investments; or for gambling or illegal purposes.



Time to Fund Loans: Funding within one hour after loan closing through SpeedFunds® must be disbursed to a bank-issued debit card. Disbursement by check or ACH may take up to 1-2 business days after closing. Learn More View More

Who's this for? OneMain Financial offers loan options that are much less rigid compared to other lenders. Borrowers can take advantage of repayment terms between 24 months and 60 months. This lender generally approves applicants with at least a poor or fair credit score but, like SoFi, you may be able to get a co-applicant on board to improve your chances of approval if you have insufficient credit history. Another thing that makes this lender a little more flexible is the ability to secure your loan with collateral. Personal loans are generally unsecured. But with secured loans, a borrower essentially uses another asset as a "promise" that if they fail to repay their loan in full, the lender can seize that asset from them as collateral. Not only does OneMain Financial give you this option, but doing so also lets you potentially receive an even lower interest rate. Plus, borrowers can actually choose the date their monthly payments are due. The origination fee is on the higher end: either a fixed fee between $25 and $500 or up to 10% of the loan amount, depending on which state you live in. And while there aren't any penalties for paying off the loan early, there is a late fee that will run you $30 or up to 15% (depending on your state).

Subscribe to the CNBC Select Newsletter! Money matters — so make the most of it. Get expert tips, strategies, news and everything else you need to maximize your money, right to your inbox. Sign up here.

Why trust CNBC Select?

At CNBC Select, our mission is to provide our readers with high-quality service journalism and comprehensive consumer advice so they can make informed decisions with their money. Every article is based on rigorous reporting by our team of expert writers and editors with extensive knowledge of personal loan products. While CNBC Select earns a commission from affiliate partners on many offers and links, we create all our content without input from our commercial team or any outside third parties, and we pride ourselves on our journalistic standards and ethics. Catch up on CNBC Select's in-depth coverage of credit cards, banking and money, and follow us on TikTok, Facebook, Instagram and Twitter to stay up to date.

Our methodology

To determine which personal loans are the best, CNBC Select analyzed dozens of U.S. personal loans offered by both online and brick-and-mortar banks, including large credit unions, that come with no origination or signup fees, fixed-rate APRs and flexible loan amounts and terms to suit an array of financing needs. When narrowing down and ranking the best personal loans for fair or good credit, we focused on the following features: Fixed-rate APR: Variable rates can go up and down over the lifetime of your loan. With a fixed rate APR, you lock in an interest rate for the duration of the loan's term, which means your monthly payment won't vary, making your budget easier to plan.

Variable rates can go up and down over the lifetime of your loan. With a fixed rate APR, you lock in an interest rate for the duration of the loan's term, which means your monthly payment won't vary, making your budget easier to plan. Flexible minimum and maximum loan amounts/terms: Each lender provides a variety of financing options that you can customize based on your monthly budget and how long you need to pay back your loan.

Each lender provides a variety of financing options that you can customize based on your monthly budget and how long you need to pay back your loan. No early payoff penalties: The lenders on our list do not charge borrowers for paying off loans early.

The lenders on our list do not charge borrowers for paying off loans early. Streamlined application process: We considered whether lenders offered same-day approval decisions and a fast online application process.

We considered whether lenders offered same-day approval decisions and a fast online application process. Customer support: Every loan on our list provides customer service available via telephone, email or secure online messaging. We also opted for lenders with an online resource hub or advice center to help you educate yourself about the personal loan process and your finances.

Every loan on our list provides customer service available via telephone, email or secure online messaging. We also opted for lenders with an online resource hub or advice center to help you educate yourself about the personal loan process and your finances. Fund disbursement: The loans on our list deliver funds promptly through either electronic wire transfer to your checking account or in the form of a paper check. Some lenders (which we noted) offer the ability to pay your creditors directly.

The loans on our list deliver funds promptly through either electronic wire transfer to your checking account or in the form of a paper check. Some lenders (which we noted) offer the ability to pay your creditors directly. Autopay discounts: We noted the lenders that reward you for enrolling in autopay by lowering your APR by 0.25% to 0.5%.

We noted the lenders that reward you for enrolling in autopay by lowering your APR by 0.25% to 0.5%. Creditor payment limits and loan sizes: The above lenders provide loans in an array of sizes, from $500 to $100,000. Each lender advertises its respective payment limits and loan sizes, and completing a preapproval process can give you an idea of what your interest rate and monthly payment would be for such an amount. After reviewing the above features, we sorted our recommendations by best for overall financing needs, quick funding, lower interest rates and flexible terms. See if you're pre-approved for a personal loan offer. Note that the rates and fee structures advertised for personal loans are subject to fluctuate in accordance with the Fed rate. However, once you accept your loan agreement, a fixed-rate APR will guarantee interest rate and monthly payment will remain consistent throughout the entire term of the loan. Your APR, monthly payment and loan amount depend on your credit history and creditworthiness. To take out a loan, lenders will conduct a hard credit inquiry and request a full application, which could require proof of income, identity verification, proof of address and more.

Editorial Note: Opinions, analyses, reviews or recommendations expressed in this article are those of the Select editorial staff’s alone, and have not been reviewed, approved or otherwise endorsed by any third party.

### DATE: 
2022-02-07

### Summary: 
While SoFi generally accepts good or excellent credit for its personal loan products, borrowers can apply for a loan using a co-applicant.
* Click here to see if you prequalify for a personal loan offer.
Every article is based on rigorous reporting by our team of expert writers and editors with extensive knowledge of personal loan products.
We also opted for lenders with an online resource hub or advice center to help you educate yourself about the personal loan process and your finances.
See if you're pre-approved for a personal loan offer.

### Keywords: 
fee
dont
score
loans
credit
monthly
lenders
loan
rate
apr
personal
consider
apply

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 24


### TITLE: 
5 personal loan lenders that accept applicants with credit scores that are 580 or lower

### TEXT: 
Looking to consolidate debt or make home improvements? Consider these personal loan offers. Offers in this section are from affiliate partners and selected based on a combination of engagement, product relevance, compensation, and consistent availability. Best Egg Personal Loan Annual Percentage Rate (APR) 7.99%–35.99% Loan amounts Up to $50,000 LEARN MORE Avant Personal Loans Annual Percentage Rate (APR) 9.95% to 35.99% Loan amounts $2,000 to $35,000 LEARN MORE

Best for people without a credit history

Upstart Personal Loans Learn More Annual Percentage Rate (APR) 7.8% - 35.99%

Loan purpose Debt consolidation, credit card refinancing, wedding, moving or medical

Loan amounts $1,000 to $50,000

Terms 36 and 60 months

Credit needed Credit score of 300 on at least one credit report (but will accept applicants whose credit history is so insufficient they don't have a credit score)

Origination fee 0% to 12% of the target amount

Early payoff penalty None

Late fee The greater of 5% of last amount due or $15, whichever is greater Terms apply. Pros Open to borrowers with fair credit (minimum 300 score)

Will accept applicants who have insufficient credit history and don't have a credit score

No early payoff fees

99% of personal loan funds are sent the next business day after completing required paperwork before 5 p.m. Monday through Friday Cons High late fees

Origination fee of 0% to 10% of the target amount (automatically withheld from the loan before it's delivered to you)

$10 fee to request paper copies of loan agreement (no fee for eSigned virtual copies)

Must have a Social Security number Learn More View More

Best for flexible terms

OneMain Financial Personal Loans Learn More Annual Percentage Rate (APR) 18.00% to 35.99%

Loan purpose Debt consolidation, major expenses, emergency costs

Loan amounts $1,500 to $20,000

Terms 24 - 60 Months

Credit needed Poor/Fair

Origination fee Origination fee starting at $25 to $500 or percentage ranging from 1% to 10% (depends on your state)

Early payoff penalty None

Late fee Up to $30 per late payment or up to 15% (depends on your state) Terms apply.* Click here to see if you prequalify for a personal loan offer. Pros Approves applicants with bad or fair credit

No early payoff fees

Reasonable loan minimums ($1,500) for smaller needs

Can pre-qualify with a soft credit check (no hard inquiry right away)

ACH funding within 1-2 business days (sometimes same day with proper paperwork)

Option to apply for secured loan (with collateral) for potentially lower rates

Borrowers can choose the date the bill is due each month

Applicants may apply with a co-applicant or, if married, may apply for a loan separately from spouse Cons High origination fee

High interest rates

No autopay APR discount

No co-signers *You must complete a loan application and continue to meet any criteria used to select you for a loan offer. Not all applicants are approved. Loan approval and actual loan terms depend on applicant's state of residence and ability to meet OneMain Financial credit standards such as a responsible credit history, sufficient income after monthly expenses, and if applicable, availability of eligible collateral. Not all approved applicants qualify for larger loan amounts, lower APRs, or the most favorable loan terms. For example, larger loan amounts typically require a first lien on a motor vehicle that is no more than ten years old, meets our value requirements, and is titled in applicant's name with valid insurance. APRs are generally higher on loans not secured by a vehicle. Example Loan: A $6,000 loan with a 24.99% APR that is repayable in 60 monthly installments would have monthly payments of $176.07. OneMain charges origination fees allowed by law. Depending on the state where the loan is opened, the origination fee may be either a flat amount or a percentage of the loan amount. Flat fees vary by state, ranging from $25 to $500. Percentage-based fees vary by state, ranging from 1% to 10% of the loan amount subject to certain state limits on the fee amount. For information about these fees and minimum and maximum loan sizes available in certain states, visit omf.com/loanfees. Current OneMain Customers: Loan offers presented to a consumer assume the individual has no active loan with OneMain or one of its affiliates. If a customer applies for a new loan offer, a OneMain representative will discuss available options. Active-duty military, their spouse or dependents covered by the Military Lending Act (MLA) may not pledge any vehicle as collateral. If you are covered by the MLA, you are not eligible for secured loans.Loan proceeds cannot be used for postsecondary educational expenses as defined by the CFPB's Regulation Z such as college, university or vocational expense; for any business or commercial purpose; to purchase cryptocurrency assets, securities, derivatives or other speculative investments; or for gambling or illegal purposes.



Time to Fund Loans: Funding within one hour after loan closing through SpeedFunds® must be disbursed to a bank-issued debit card. Disbursement by check or ACH may take up to 1-2 business days after closing. Learn More View More

Who's this for? OneMain Financial generally accepts applicants with at least a poor or fair credit score (the exact credit score minimum is not disclosed but for reference, a poor credit score is between 300 and 579 and a fair credit score is between 580 and 669). Standout benefits: This lender offers terms that are more flexible than those of other lenders. For one, many lenders don't allow you to apply with a co-applicant, which can be a bit of a concern if you're worried your credit score will hurt your chances of securing a better interest rate. But with OneMain Financial, you should be able to submit your application with a co-applicant. [ Jump to more details ]

Best for quick funding

Avant Personal Loans Learn More Annual Percentage Rate (APR) 9.95% to 35.99%

Loan purpose Debt consolidation, major expenses, emergency costs, home improvements

Loan amounts $2,000 to $35,000

Terms 24 to 60 months

Credit needed Poor/Fair

Origination fee Administration fee up to 9.99%

Early payoff penalty None

Late fee Up to $25 per late payment after 10-day grace period Click here to see if you prequalify for a personal loan offer. Terms apply. Pros Lends to applicants with scores lower credit scores

No early payoff fees

Can pre-qualify with a soft credit check (no hard inquiry)

Quick funding (often by the next day)

Late payment grace period of 10 days Cons Origination fee

Potentially high interest (caps at 35.99% APR)

No autopay APR discount

No direct payments to creditors (for debt consolidation)

No co-signers Learn More View More

Who's this for? Avant has a minimum credit score requirement for applicants is 580. Plus, this lender can typically provide funding as early as the next business day after you've been approved. This makes it appealing for those who may need money in a pinch — just make sure you submit all the necessary documents and information you provide is complete and accurate so you can get funded without a hitch. Standout benefits: According to Avant's website, you may be able to get your funds deposited into your account as early as the next business day. [ Jump to more details ]

Best for your small business

Universal Credit Personal Loans Learn More Annual Percentage Rate (APR) 11.69% – 35.99%

Loan purpose Debt consolidation, large purchases, business, home improvement and more

Loan amounts $1,000 to $50,000

Terms 36 to 60 months

Credit needed Minimum credit score of 560

Origination fee 5.25% to 9.99%

Early payoff penalty None

Late fee Not disclosed Terms apply. Pros No early payoff fees

Offers funding as early as the next business day

Low credit score requirement of 560 Cons Origination fee can be a bit high Learn More View More

Who's this for? Universal Credit could be a great fit for a cash-strapped entrepreneur unable to qualify for a standard business loan. That's because the lender lets you apply for a personal loan that can be used for business purposes, something most personal loan lenders prohibit. Standout benefits: Universal Credit offers credit monitoring tools to help you monitor any changes to your credit score. This can be a beneficial perk that encourages positive credit habits. [ Jump to more details ]

Best for low borrowing amounts

Oportun Learn More Annual Percentage Rate (APR) Up to 35.99%

Loan purpose Quick cash, home improvement, deposits and more

Loan amounts $300 to $10,000

Terms 12 to 54 months

Credit needed No credit history required

Origination fee May charge an administrative fee of up to 10% of principal amount

Early payoff penalty None

Late fee Depends on the loan terms Terms apply. Pros Open to borrowers with no credit history

No early payoff fees

Same-day funding available

Loan amounts as small as $300 Cons May charge an administrative fee of up to 10% of the principal amount

Not available in all states Learn More View More

Who's this for? Oportun offers loan amounts that start at $300, making it optimal for borrowers who just need a few hundred dollars. Oportun allows borrowers to apply for a maximum of $10,000. Standout benefits: Oportun doesn't require you to have a credit history to be considered for a personal loan, which makes it one of the most accessible lenders on this list. Of course, applying with a higher credit score will vastly increase your chances of qualifying for lower rates and better terms, so it's always a good idea to raise your score if you can. [ Jump to more details ]

Compare debt relief options

Compare personal loan offers

When searching for a personal loan, it can be helpful to compare several different offers to find the best interest rate and payment terms for your needs. With this comparison tool, you'll just need to answer a handful of questions for Even Financial to determine the top offers for you. The service is free, secure and does not affect your credit score.

This tool is provided and powered by Even Financial, a search and comparison engine that matches you with third-party lenders. Any information you provide is given directly to Even Financial and it may use this information in accordance with its own privacy policies and terms of service. By submitting your information, you agree to receive emails from Even. Select does not control and is not responsible for third party policies or practices, nor does Select have access to any data you provide. Select may receive an affiliate commission from partner offers in the Even Financial tool. The commission does not influence the selection in order of offers.

More on our picks for best personal loan lenders that accept 580 credit scores or lower

Personal Loans for Credit Scores 580 and Lower Loan Features Upstart OneMain Financial Avant Personal Loans Universal Credit Oportun Credit score needed 300 (also accepts applicants with insufficient credit history) No minimum 580 560 No credit history required Loan amounts $1,000 to $50,000 $1,500 to $20,000 $2,000 to $35,000 $1,000 to $50,000 $300 to $10,000 Loan terms 36 and 60 months 24 - 60 Months 24 to 60 months 36 to 60 months 12 to 54 months Early payoff penalty None None None None None



Upstart Personal Loans

Upstart is an AI-driven online lending platform that connects borrowers with lenders. It doesn't charge penalties for paying off your balance early, but it does charge an origination fee (up to 12% of the amount you borrow) and late fees ($15 or 5% of the past due balance, whichever is greater). Loan amounts $1,000 to $50,000 Terms 36 to 60 months [ Return to lender summary ]

OneMain Financial

OneMain Financial offers borrowers with less-than-perfect credit access to financial products like loans and credit cards. It stands out for allowing you to secure your loan with collateral. Personal loans are generally unsecured debt, meaning you can borrow the money outright without having to offer up something of value. But with secured loans, you agree to sign over an asset (such as your car) to the lender if you fail to repay the loan. OneMain Financial gives certain borrowers the option to take out a secured personal loan, which can sometimes result in a lower interest rate than an unsecured loan. Plus, borrowers can choose the date their monthly payments are due. The origination fee with OneMain Financial is on the higher end: either a fixed fee between $25 and $500 or up to 10% of the loan amount, depending on which state you live in. And while there aren't any penalties for paying off the loan early, there is a late fee that will run you either $30 or up to 15% (depending on your state). Loan amounts $1,500 to $20,000 Terms 24, 36, 48, 60 Months [ Return to lender summary ]

Avant

Avant is an online fintech platform with the mission to improve the borrowing experience for middle-income consumers. It doesn't charge any penalties for paying off your loan balance early, but there is an origination fee of up to 4.75% and a late fee of up to $25 after the 10-day grace period. Loan amounts $2,000 to $35,000 Terms 24 to 60 months [ Return to lender summary ]

Universal Credit

Universal Credit is a part of Upgrade, which is another lending company in the personal space. It has a low minimum credit score requirement and doesn't charge any prepayment penalties for paying your loan off early. It does, however, charge an origination fee that can range from 5.25% to 9.99%, which can be a bit high especially compared to that of some other lenders on this list. Loan amounts $1,000 to $50,000 Terms 36 to 60 months [ Return to lender summary ]

Oportun

Oportun boasts an expedient application process that should only take around 10 minutes to complete, according to the lender's website. To apply, you'll need to have your ID, proof of address, proof of income and a list of any recurring monthly debt payments handy. Loan amounts $300 to $10,000 Terms 12 to 54 months [ Return to lender summary ]

Can I pre-qualify without hurting my credit score?

It is possible to pre-qualify for a personal loan without hurting your credit score. Do some research before you apply. Read reviews and learn what to consider before agreeing to take on a loan. When you're ready to apply, follow these steps to ensure you don't ding your score too much. Shop around for the best rate. Avoid hard inquiries by knowing your credit score before you submit a formal application so you know what you might qualify for. Many lenders will allow you to submit a prequalification form. Or consider using a lending platform (such as Upstart or LendingTree) to view multiple offers at once. Decide on the best offer. Choose the loan with the best monthly payment and interest rate for your budget. Be sure to look at how much the loan will cost you over the full length of the term and decide if the cost is worth it. Submit a formal application. Have your social security number on hand, as well as supporting documents such as bank statements and paystubs. Wait for final approval. This could take just a few minutes, an hour or up to 10 days. To facilitate speedier approval, apply during normal business hours and submit the required documents right away. Get your funds. Once your loan is approved, you'll be asked to input your bank account information so the funds are deposited into your account. You may also be able to request a paper check from your lender, or in the case of a consolidation loan, you may be able to have funds sent right to your creditors.

What kind of loan can I get with a 580 credit score?

While FICO credit scores below 580 are considered poor, you still have access to traditional personal loans. All the lenders on this list accept applicants with bad credit scores but keep in mind you'll be subjected to higher interest rates and may only qualify for shorter loan repayment terms. If you have a low credit score, you can also qualify for payday loans, but this is generally only recommended as an absolute last resort. While payday loans approve applicants with subpar credit scores, they can also have triple-digit interest rates that can easily demolish your finances. It's better to exhaust all alternatives before even going near a payday loan.

What is a good credit score for a personal loan?

Most personal loan lenders consider good to excellent credit scores, which means a FICO score of at least 670. The higher your credit score, the more likely you'll be to get approved for the best personal loan rates.

FAQs Can I get a personal loan with a 500 credit score? It is possible to get a personal loan with a 500 credit score, however, you're unlikely to receive favorable terms like a low interest rate. What is the easiest loan to get with bad credit? If you have bad credit, you may have an easier time qualifying for a secured personal loan that requires a co-signer. Or, you may seek out lenders that have a lower minimum credit score requirement. Can you pay off a personal loan early? It is advantageous to pay off a personal loan early since you'll save on interest charges. Just make sure the lender doesn't charge any prepayment penalties for paying off your loan early.

Why trust CNBC Select?

At CNBC Select, our mission is to provide our readers with high-quality service journalism and comprehensive consumer advice so they can make informed decisions with their money. Every personal loan review is based on rigorous reporting by our team of expert writers and editors with extensive knowledge of loan products. While CNBC Select earns a commission from affiliate partners on many offers and links, we create all our content without input from our commercial team or any outside third parties, and we pride ourselves on our journalistic standards and ethics. See our methodology for more information on how we choose the best personal loans.

Our methodology

To determine which personal loans are the best for consumers with a credit score of 580 or lower, CNBC Select analyzed dozens of U.S. personal loans offered by both online and brick-and-mortar banks, including large credit unions. When possible, we chose loans with no origination or sign-up fees, but we also included options for borrowers with lower credit scores on this list. Some of those options have origination fees. When narrowing down and ranking the best personal loans, we focused on the following features: Fixed-rate APR: Variable rates can go up and down over the lifetime of your loan. With a fixed rate APR, you lock in an interest rate for the duration of the loan's term, which means your monthly payment won't vary, making your budget easier to plan.

Variable rates can go up and down over the lifetime of your loan. With a fixed rate APR, you lock in an interest rate for the duration of the loan's term, which means your monthly payment won't vary, making your budget easier to plan. Flexible minimum and maximum loan amounts/terms: Each lender provides more than one financing option that you can customize based on your monthly budget and how long you need to pay back your loan.

Each lender provides more than one financing option that you can customize based on your monthly budget and how long you need to pay back your loan. No early payoff penalties: The lenders on our list do not charge borrowers for paying off loans early.

The lenders on our list do not charge borrowers for paying off loans early. Streamlined application process: We considered whether lenders offered same-day approval decisions and a fast online application process.

We considered whether lenders offered same-day approval decisions and a fast online application process. Customer support: Every loan on our list provides customer service available via telephone, email or secure online messaging. We also opted for lenders with an online resource hub or advice center to help you educate yourself about the personal loan process and your finances.

Every loan on our list provides customer service available via telephone, email or secure online messaging. We also opted for lenders with an online resource hub or advice center to help you educate yourself about the personal loan process and your finances. Fund disbursement: The loans on our list deliver funds promptly through either electronic wire transfer to your checking account or in the form of a paper check. Some lenders (which we noted) offer the ability to pay your creditors directly.

The loans on our list deliver funds promptly through either electronic wire transfer to your checking account or in the form of a paper check. Some lenders (which we noted) offer the ability to pay your creditors directly. Autopay discounts: We noted the lenders that reward you for enrolling in autopay by lowering your APR by 0.25% to 0.5%.

We noted the lenders that reward you for enrolling in autopay by lowering your APR by 0.25% to 0.5%. Creditor payment limits and loan sizes: The above lenders provide loans in an array of sizes, from $1,000 to $100,000. Each lender advertises its respective payment limits and loan sizes, and completing a preapproval process can give you an idea of what your interest rate and monthly payment would be for such an amount. The rates and fee structures advertised for personal loans are subject to fluctuate in accordance with the Fed rate. However, once you accept your loan agreement, a fixed-rate APR will guarantee your interest rate and monthly payment will remain consistent throughout the entire term of the loan. Your APR, monthly payment and loan amount depend on your credit history and creditworthiness. To take out a loan, many lenders will conduct a hard credit inquiry and request a full application, which could require proof of income, identity verification, proof of address and more. Catch up on CNBC Select's in-depth coverage of credit cards, banking and money, and follow us on TikTok, Facebook, Instagram and Twitter to stay up to date.

Subscribe to the CNBC Select Newsletter! Money matters — so make the most of it. Get expert tips, strategies, news and everything else you need to maximize your money, right to your inbox. Sign up here.

Editorial Note: Opinions, analyses, reviews or recommendations expressed in this article are those of the Select editorial staff’s alone, and have not been reviewed, approved or otherwise endorsed by any third party.

### DATE: 
2022-03-17

### Summary: 
Not all approved applicants qualify for larger loan amounts, lower APRs, or the most favorable loan terms.
OneMain Financial generally accepts applicants with at least a poor or fair credit score (the exact credit score minimum is not disclosed but for reference, a poor credit score is between 300 and 579 and a fair credit score is between 580 and 669).
That's because the lender lets you apply for a personal loan that can be used for business purposes, something most personal loan lenders prohibit.
Standout benefits: Universal Credit offers credit monitoring tools to help you monitor any changes to your credit score.
Most personal loan lenders consider good to excellent credit scores, which means a FICO score of at least 670.

### Keywords: 
lower
fee
loans
score
terms
credit
applicants
accept
early
lenders
loan
580
rate
personal
scores

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 25


### TITLE: 
5 personal loan lenders that accept applicants with credit scores below 670

### TEXT: 
Compare offers to find the best loan

This tool is provided and powered by Engine by Moneylion, a search and comparison engine that matches you with third-party lenders. Any information you provide is given directly to Engine by Moneylion and it may use this information in accordance with its own privacy policies and terms of service. By submitting your information, you agree to receive emails from Engine by Moneylion. Select does not control and is not responsible for third party policies or practices, nor does Select have access to any data you provide. Select may receive an affiliate commission from partner offers in the Engine by Moneylion tool. The commission does not influence the selection in order of offers.

Best for people without credit history

Upstart Personal Loans Learn More Annual Percentage Rate (APR) 7.8% - 35.99%

Loan purpose Debt consolidation, credit card refinancing, wedding, moving or medical

Loan amounts $1,000 to $50,000

Terms 36 and 60 months

Credit needed Credit score of 300 on at least one credit report (but will accept applicants whose credit history is so insufficient they don't have a credit score)

Origination fee 0% to 12% of the target amount

Early payoff penalty None

Late fee The greater of 5% of last amount due or $15, whichever is greater Terms apply. Pros Open to borrowers with fair credit (minimum 300 score)

Will accept applicants who have insufficient credit history and don't have a credit score

No early payoff fees

99% of personal loan funds are sent the next business day after completing required paperwork before 5 p.m. Monday through Friday Cons High late fees

Origination fee of 0% to 10% of the target amount (automatically withheld from the loan before it's delivered to you)

$10 fee to request paper copies of loan agreement (no fee for eSigned virtual copies)

Must have a Social Security number Learn More View More

Who's this for? Sometimes, a potential borrower may have a low credit score because they have extremely limited credit activity. Other times, a lack of credit history may result in them having no credit score at all. Because of this, Upstart accepts applicants with no credit history — though this lender also looks at applicants with a FICO score of 300 or higher. Just keep in mind that if you are approved for the loan with a lower (or no) credit score, you may be subject to a higher interest rate. You can apply for loan amounts as low as $1,000 and as much as $50,000. And while there are no penalties for paying off your balance early, Upstart does charge an origination fee (up to 12% of the amount you borrow) and late fees ($15 or 5% of the past due balance, whichever is greater). When it comes to repaying the balance, loan terms range from 36 to 60 months, which can be appealing to borrowers who think they may need a longer time horizon to repay the entire loan.

Best for borrowing smaller loan amounts

Upgrade Personal Loans Learn More Annual Percentage Rate (APR) 9.99% - 35.99%

Loan purpose Debt consolidation/refinancing, home improvement, major purchase

Loan amounts $1,000 to $50,000

Terms 24 to 84* months

Credit needed 600+

Origination fee 1.85% to 9.99%, deducted from loan proceeds

Early payoff penalty None

Late fee Up to $10 (with 15-day grace period) Terms apply. Pros No early payoff fees

Loans up to $50,000

Fixed interest rates (no surprises)

Can pay creditors directly (may take up to two weeks)

Several available discounts including autopay

Fast funding in as little as four days Cons Origination fee of up to 9.99% (deducted from your loan)

Not available in Washington D.C. Why Upgrade is the best for financial literacy: Free credit score simulator to help you visualize how different scenarios and actions may impact your credit

Charts that track your trends and credit health over time, helping you understand how certain financial choices affect your credit score

Ability to sign up for free credit monitoring and weekly VantageScore updates Learn More View More

Who's this for? Upgrade typically looks at borrowers who have fair or good credit. With FICO, fair or good credit scores fall within the ranges of 580 to 739, and with VantageScore, fair or good ranges between 601 to 780. Many personal loan lenders offer amounts starting around $3,000 to $5,000, but with Upgrade, you can apply for as little as $1,000 (and as much as $50,000). The $1,000 minimum makes the loan feel a little more digestible for those who don't need to borrow too much money. This is especially important because it's generally best to only apply for what you'll need since borrowing more will result in higher monthly payments. Also keep in mind that Upgrade personal loans have an origination fee of up to 9.99%, which is deducted directly from your loan proceeds. So, if you know you'll need $1,000, you should account for the origination fee and apply for a loan amount closer to $1,080 to cover all your bases. Upgrade doesn't have any prepayment penalties, but it does have a late fee: If you pay late or miss a payment, you could be hit with a $10 late fee if your payment is not received in full within 15 calendar days of the due date. Otherwise, these loans are fast and easy to secure, and the funds should arrive in your checking account within one business day of submitting the required documents and being approved.

Best for flexible terms

OneMain Financial Personal Loans Learn More Annual Percentage Rate (APR) 18.00% to 35.99%

Loan purpose Debt consolidation, major expenses, emergency costs

Loan amounts $1,500 to $20,000

Terms 24 - 60 Months

Credit needed Poor/Fair

Origination fee Origination fee starting at $25 to $500 or percentage ranging from 1% to 10% (depends on your state)

Early payoff penalty None

Late fee Up to $30 per late payment or up to 15% (depends on your state) Terms apply.* Click here to see if you prequalify for a personal loan offer. Pros Approves applicants with bad or fair credit

No early payoff fees

Reasonable loan minimums ($1,500) for smaller needs

Can pre-qualify with a soft credit check (no hard inquiry right away)

ACH funding within 1-2 business days (sometimes same day with proper paperwork)

Option to apply for secured loan (with collateral) for potentially lower rates

Borrowers can choose the date the bill is due each month

Applicants may apply with a co-applicant or, if married, may apply for a loan separately from spouse Cons High origination fee

High interest rates

No autopay APR discount

No co-signers *You must complete a loan application and continue to meet any criteria used to select you for a loan offer. Not all applicants are approved. Loan approval and actual loan terms depend on applicant's state of residence and ability to meet OneMain Financial credit standards such as a responsible credit history, sufficient income after monthly expenses, and if applicable, availability of eligible collateral. Not all approved applicants qualify for larger loan amounts, lower APRs, or the most favorable loan terms. For example, larger loan amounts typically require a first lien on a motor vehicle that is no more than ten years old, meets our value requirements, and is titled in applicant's name with valid insurance. APRs are generally higher on loans not secured by a vehicle. Example Loan: A $6,000 loan with a 24.99% APR that is repayable in 60 monthly installments would have monthly payments of $176.07. OneMain charges origination fees allowed by law. Depending on the state where the loan is opened, the origination fee may be either a flat amount or a percentage of the loan amount. Flat fees vary by state, ranging from $25 to $500. Percentage-based fees vary by state, ranging from 1% to 10% of the loan amount subject to certain state limits on the fee amount. For information about these fees and minimum and maximum loan sizes available in certain states, visit omf.com/loanfees. Current OneMain Customers: Loan offers presented to a consumer assume the individual has no active loan with OneMain or one of its affiliates. If a customer applies for a new loan offer, a OneMain representative will discuss available options. Active-duty military, their spouse or dependents covered by the Military Lending Act (MLA) may not pledge any vehicle as collateral. If you are covered by the MLA, you are not eligible for secured loans.Loan proceeds cannot be used for postsecondary educational expenses as defined by the CFPB's Regulation Z such as college, university or vocational expense; for any business or commercial purpose; to purchase cryptocurrency assets, securities, derivatives or other speculative investments; or for gambling or illegal purposes.



Time to Fund Loans: Funding within one hour after loan closing through SpeedFunds® must be disbursed to a bank-issued debit card. Disbursement by check or ACH may take up to 1-2 business days after closing. Learn More View More

Who's this for? OneMain Financial offers loan options that are much less rigid compared to other lenders. This lender generally accepts applicants with at least a poor or fair credit score, but if you're worried your credit score will hurt your chances of securing a better interest rate, you may be able to submit your application with a co-applicant. Plus, borrowers can take advantage of repayment terms with a bit more flexibility compared to that of some lenders as terms range from 24 months to 60 months. Another feature that makes this lender a little more flexible is the ability to secure your loan with collateral. Personal loans are generally unsecured debt, meaning you can borrow the money outright without having to offer up something of value. But with secured loans, a borrower essentially uses another asset as a "promise" that if they fail to repay their loan in full, the lender can seize that asset from them as collateral. Not only does OneMain Financial give you this option, but doing so also lets you potentially receive an even lower interest rate. Plus, borrowers can actually choose the date their monthly payments are due. The origination fee with OneMain Financial is on the higher end: either a fixed fee between $25 and $500 or up to 10% of the loan amount, depending on which state you live in. And while there aren't any penalties for paying off the loan early, there is a late fee that will run you either $30 or up to 15% (depending on your state). See if you're pre-approved for a personal loan offer.

Best if you need a co-applicant

SoFi Personal Loans Learn More Annual Percentage Rate (APR) 8.99% - 29.49% when you sign up for autopay

Loan purpose Debt consolidation/refinancing, home improvement, relocation assistance or medical expenses

Loan amounts $5,000 to $100,000

Terms 24 to 84 months

Credit needed Good to excellent

Origination fee No fees required

Early payoff penalty None

Late fee None Terms apply. Pros No origination fees required, no early payoff fees, no late fees

Unemployment protection if you lose your job

DACA recipients can apply with a creditworthy co-borrower who is a U.S. citizen/permanent resident by calling 877-936-2269

Can have more than one SoFi loan at a time (state-permitting)

May accept offer of employment (to start within the next 90 days) as proof of income

Co-applicants may apply Cons Applicants who are U.S. visa holders must have more than two years remaining on visa to be eligible

No co-signers allowed (co-applicants only) Fixed rates from 8.99% APR to 29.49% APR reflect the 0.25% autopay interest rate discount and a 0.25% direct deposit interest rate discount. SoFi rate ranges are current as of 02/06/2024 and are subject to change without notice. The average of SoFi Personal Loans funded in 2022 was around $30K. Not all applicants qualify for the lowest rate. Lowest rates reserved for the most creditworthy borrowers. Your actual rate will be within the range of rates listed and will depend on the term you select, evaluation of your creditworthiness, income, and a variety of other factors. Learn More View More

Who's this for? SoFi actually only considers applicants with good or excellent credit for its personal loan products. However, because this lender is very open to borrowers who need a co-applicant, it's still worth considering if your credit score is closer to the poor/fair range. A co-applicant on a personal loan can be beneficial for someone who has damaged credit, poor credit or a credit history that's so insufficient that they likely may not be approved for the loan if they applied alone. Or, sometimes a co-applicant can be used to give qualifying borrowers with an already good credit score an extra boost for securing better interest rates. An ideal co-applicant will have a higher credit score and higher income. These attributes tell lenders that the borrowers are more likely to be able to afford to repay the loan. The co-applicant is also financially on the hook for repaying the loan if the other co-applicant fails to make payments. SoFi doesn't charge any late fees or early payoff fees. And, you can borrow between $5,000 to $100,000, which makes SoFi an attractive option for people who need to borrow larger amounts for bigger expenses. You can get your loan funded the same day, or the next business day, provided you don't need to apply with additional information. Plus, when you sign up for a SoFi Personal Loan, you can join its membership platform to take advantage of a host of other perks like career counseling, financial advising and more.

Best for quick funding

Avant Personal Loans Learn More Annual Percentage Rate (APR) 9.95% to 35.99%

Loan purpose Debt consolidation, major expenses, emergency costs, home improvements

Loan amounts $2,000 to $35,000

Terms 24 to 60 months

Credit needed Poor/Fair

Origination fee Administration fee up to 9.99%

Early payoff penalty None

Late fee Up to $25 per late payment after 10-day grace period Click here to see if you prequalify for a personal loan offer. Terms apply. Pros Lends to applicants with scores lower credit scores

No early payoff fees

Can pre-qualify with a soft credit check (no hard inquiry)

Quick funding (often by the next day)

Late payment grace period of 10 days Cons Origination fee

Potentially high interest (caps at 35.99% APR)

No autopay APR discount

No direct payments to creditors (for debt consolidation)

No co-signers Learn More View More

Who's this for? Avant is one personal loan lender that can typically provide funding as soon as the next business day after you're approved — of course, you'll need to be sure you have all the correct information handy and that you've accurately filled out your application to make sure you can receive funding without a hitch. Avant will consider applicants with credit scores under 600, but, again, we remind you that the higher your credit score, the more likely you are to receive the lowest, best rates. This lender also offers personal loan amounts as low as $2,000 and as high as $35,000. While there are no penalties for early payoff, there is an origination fee of up to 4.75% and a late fee of up to $25 after the 10-day grace period.

Common personal loan definitions you should know

Here are some common personal loan terms you need to know before applying for one. Co-applicants or joint applications: A co-applicant is a broad term for another person who helps you qualify by attaching their name (and financial details) to your application. A co-applicant can be a co-signer or a co-borrower. Having a co-applicant can be helpful when you have a poor or fair credit score. If your co-applicant has a good credit score, you might be offered better terms, including qualifying for a lower APR and/or a bigger loan. However, both applicants' credit scores will be affected if you don't pay back your loan, so be sure that your co-applicant is someone you feel comfortable sharing financial responsibility with.

A co-applicant is a broad term for another person who helps you qualify by attaching their name (and financial details) to your application. A co-applicant can be a co-signer or a co-borrower. Having a co-applicant can be helpful when you have a poor or fair credit score. If your co-applicant has a good credit score, you might be offered better terms, including qualifying for a lower APR and/or a bigger loan. However, both applicants' credit scores will be affected if you don't pay back your loan, so be sure that your co-applicant is someone you feel comfortable sharing financial responsibility with. Co-signers: A co-signer agrees to help you qualify for the loan, but they are only responsible for making payments if you are unable to. The co-signer does not receive the loan, nor do they necessarily make decisions about how it is used. However, the co-signers credit will be negatively affected if the main borrower misses payments or defaults.

A co-signer agrees to help you qualify for the loan, but they are only responsible for making payments if you are unable to. The co-signer does not receive the loan, nor do they necessarily make decisions about how it is used. However, the co-signers credit will be negatively affected if the main borrower misses payments or defaults. Co-borrower: Unlike a co-signer, a co-borrower is responsible for paying back the loan and deciding how it is used. Co-borrowers are usually involved in decisions about how the loan is used. Some lenders will only consider two co-borrowers who share a home or business address, as this is a firm indicator that they are sharing the responsibility of money in mutually beneficial ways. Both co-borrowers' credit scores are on the hook if either one stops making payments or defaults.

Unlike a co-signer, a co-borrower is responsible for paying back the loan and deciding how it is used. Co-borrowers are usually involved in decisions about how the loan is used. Some lenders will only consider two co-borrowers who share a home or business address, as this is a firm indicator that they are sharing the responsibility of money in mutually beneficial ways. Both co-borrowers' credit scores are on the hook if either one stops making payments or defaults. Direct payments: Some lenders offer direct payments when you select debt consolidation as the reason for taking out a personal loan. With direct payments, the lender pays your creditors directly, and then deposits any leftover funds into your checking or savings account. Until you see your account balance is fully paid off, it's best to keep making payments so that you don't get hit with additional late fees and interest charges.

Some lenders offer direct payments when you select debt consolidation as the reason for taking out a personal loan. With direct payments, the lender pays your creditors directly, and then deposits any leftover funds into your checking or savings account. Until you see your account balance is fully paid off, it's best to keep making payments so that you don't get hit with additional late fees and interest charges. Early payoff penalty: Before you accept a loan, look to see if the lender charges an early payoff or prepayment penalty. Because lenders expect to get paid interest for the full term of your loan, they could charge you a fee if you make extra payments to pay your debt down quicker. The fees could equal either the remaining interest you would have owed, a percentage of your payoff balance or a flat rate.

Before you accept a loan, look to see if the lender charges an early payoff or prepayment penalty. Because lenders expect to get paid interest for the full term of your loan, they could charge you a fee if you make extra payments to pay your debt down quicker. The fees could equal either the remaining interest you would have owed, a percentage of your payoff balance or a flat rate. Origination fee: An origination fee is a one-time upfront charge that your lender subtracts from your loan to pay for administration and processing costs. It is usually between 1% and 5%, but sometimes it is charged as a flat-rate fee. For example, if you took out a loan for $20,000 and there was a 5% origination fee, you would only receive $19,000 when you got your funds. Your lender would get $1,000 of the loan off the top , and you'd still have to pay back the full $20,000 plus interest. It's best to avoid origination fees if possible.

An origination fee is a one-time upfront charge that your lender subtracts from your loan to pay for administration and processing costs. It is usually between 1% and 5%, but sometimes it is charged as a flat-rate fee. For example, if you took out a loan for $20,000 and there was a 5% origination fee, you would only receive $19,000 when you got your funds. Your lender would get $1,000 of the loan off the top and you'd still have to pay back the full $20,000 plus interest. It's best to avoid origination fees if possible. Unsecured versus secured loans: Most personal loans are unsecured, meaning they are not tied to collateral. However, if your credit score is less-than-stellar and you're finding it hard to qualify for the best loans, you can sometimes use a car, house or other assets to act as collateral in case you default on your payments. When you put an asset up as collateral, you are giving your lender permission to repossess it if you don't pay back your debts on time and in full.

Our methodology

To determine which personal loans are the best, CNBC Select analyzed dozens of U.S. personal loans offered by both online and brick-and-mortar banks, including large credit unions, that come with fixed-rate APRs and flexible loan amounts and terms to suit an array of financing needs. When narrowing down and ranking the best personal loans for fair or good credit, we focused on the following features: Fixed-rate APR: Variable rates can go up and down over the lifetime of your loan. With a fixed rate APR, you lock in an interest rate for the duration of the loan's term, which means your monthly payment won't vary, making your budget easier to plan.

Variable rates can go up and down over the lifetime of your loan. With a fixed rate APR, you lock in an interest rate for the duration of the loan's term, which means your monthly payment won't vary, making your budget easier to plan. Flexible minimum and maximum loan amounts/terms: Each lender provides a variety of financing options that you can customize based on your monthly budget and how long you need to pay back your loan.

Each lender provides a variety of financing options that you can customize based on your monthly budget and how long you need to pay back your loan. No early payoff penalties: The lenders on our list do not charge borrowers for paying off loans early.

The lenders on our list do not charge borrowers for paying off loans early. Streamlined application process: We considered whether lenders offered same-day approval decisions and a fast online application process.

We considered whether lenders offered same-day approval decisions and a fast online application process. Customer support: Every loan on our list provides customer service available via telephone, email or secure online messaging. We also opted for lenders with an online resource hub or advice center to help you educate yourself about the personal loan process and your finances.

Every loan on our list provides customer service available via telephone, email or secure online messaging. We also opted for lenders with an online resource hub or advice center to help you educate yourself about the personal loan process and your finances. Fund disbursement: The loans on our list deliver funds promptly through either electronic wire transfer to your checking account or in the form of a paper check. Some lenders offer the ability to pay your creditors directly.

The loans on our list deliver funds promptly through either electronic wire transfer to your checking account or in the form of a paper check. Some lenders offer the ability to pay your creditors directly. Autopay discounts: We noted the lenders that reward you for enrolling in autopay by lowering your APR by 0.25% to 0.5%.

We noted the lenders that reward you for enrolling in autopay by lowering your APR by 0.25% to 0.5%. Creditor payment limits and loan sizes: The above lenders provide loans in an array of sizes, from $500 to $100,000. Each lender advertises its respective payment limits and loan sizes, and completing a preapproval process can give you an idea of what your interest rate and monthly payment would be for such an amount. After reviewing the above features, we sorted our recommendations by best for having no credit history, borrowing smaller loan amounts, flexible terms, applying with a co-applicant and getting secured loan options. Note that the rates and fee structures advertised for personal loans are subject to fluctuate in accordance with the Fed rate. However, once you accept your loan agreement, a fixed-rate APR will guarantee interest rate and monthly payment will remain consistent throughout the entire term of the loan. Your APR, monthly payment and loan amount depend on your credit history and creditworthiness. Before providing a loan, lenders will conduct a hard credit inquiry and request a full application, which could require proof of income, identity verification, proof of address and more.

Why trust CNBC Select?

At CNBC Select, our mission is to provide our readers with high-quality service journalism and comprehensive consumer advice so they can make informed decisions with their money. Every article is based on rigorous reporting by our team of expert writers and editors with extensive knowledge of personal loan products. While CNBC Select earns a commission from affiliate partners on many offers and links, we create all our content without input from our commercial team or any outside third parties, and we pride ourselves on our journalistic standards and ethics. Catch up on Select's in-depth coverage of personal finance, tech and tools, wellness and more, and follow us on Facebook, Instagram and Twitter to stay up to date.

Subscribe to the CNBC Select Newsletter! Money matters — so make the most of it. Get expert tips, strategies, news and everything else you need to maximize your money, right to your inbox. Sign up here.

Editorial Note: Opinions, analyses, reviews or recommendations expressed in this article are those of the Select editorial staff’s alone, and have not been reviewed, approved or otherwise endorsed by any third party.

### DATE: 
2022-02-24

### Summary: 
Many personal loan lenders offer amounts starting around $3,000 to $5,000, but with Upgrade, you can apply for as little as $1,000 (and as much as $50,000).
SoFi actually only considers applicants with good or excellent credit for its personal loan products.
Common personal loan definitions you should knowHere are some common personal loan terms you need to know before applying for one.
Origination fee: An origination fee is a one-time upfront charge that your lender subtracts from your loan to pay for administration and processing costs.
Every article is based on rigorous reporting by our team of expert writers and editors with extensive knowledge of personal loan products.

### Keywords: 
fee
loans
credit
applicants
accept
interest
payments
origination
670
lenders
loan
rate
personal
scores

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 26


### TITLE: 
Best mortgage lenders for bad credit in November 2024

### TEXT: 
Best for flexible terms: Rocket Mortgage

Rocket Mortgage Learn More Annual Percentage Rate (APR) Apply online for personalized rates

Types of loans Conventional, FHA, VA, jumbo, HomeReady, Home Possible

Terms 10-, 15- and 30-year fixed-term conventional loans, 30-year VA and FHA loans, custom mortgages with fixed-rate terms from 8 to 29 years.

Credit needed 620

Minimum down payment 0% for VA, 1% for RocketONE+, 3% for conventional, 3.5% for FHA, 10% to 15% for jumbo

Already have a mortgage through Rocket Mortgage or looking to start one? Check out the Rocket Visa Signature Card to learn how you can earn rewards Read our review of Rocket Mortgage Pros Largest home lender in the U.S.

Offers 1% down mortgage

High scores for customer satisfaction

Shorter-than-average closing time

Rebate of up to $10,000 for buying with Rocket Homes Cons No USDA mortgages, construction loans or HELOCs

Hard credit check required for customized rate

Higher origination fees than the competition

No physical branches Learn More View More

Who's this for? Rocket Mortgage stands out if you're seeking flexibility. While most lenders tend to require a minimum credit score of 620, Rocket Mortgage accepts applicants for conventional loans with scores as low as 580. Standout benefits: Rocket Mortgage's Fresh Start program helps applicants boost their credit scores before applying. Eligible borrowers can put just 1% down with the Rocket ONE+ mortgage. [ Jump to more details ]

Best for non-qualifying mortgages: Carrington

Carrington Mortgage Services Learn More Annual Percentage Rate (APR) Apply online for personalized rates

Types of loans Conventional, FHA, VA, USDA, Prime Advantage, Flexible Advantage (non-qm)

Terms Fixed-rate mortgages with terms of between 15 and 40 years; ARMS with introductory periods of 5, 7 and 10 years

Credit needed 620 for conventional, 500 for FHA and VA, 550 for USDA, 550 for Carrington Flexible Advantage

Minimum down payment 3% Terms apply. Pros Will accept 500 credit score for FHA and VA loans, 550 for USDA loans

Term lengths as long as 40 years

Will accept alternative credit sources, such as on-time bill payments

Offers non-qualifying mortgage options Cons Mortgages not offered in Massachusetts or North Dakota

No home equity loans or HELOC

Must work with loan officer to complete application Learn More View More

Who's it for? Carrington Mortgage Services' non-QM Flexible Advantage loan requires a FICO score of just 550, making it a good option if you're self-employed, lack credit history or have a bankruptcy or foreclosure in your past. Standout benefits: Besides loans, Carrington offers various homeownership services under one roof — including real estate, title search, escrow and home insurance. [ Jump to more details ]

Best for refinancing: LoanDepot

LoanDepot Learn More Annual Percentage Rate (APR) Apply online for personalized rates

Types of loans Conventional loan, FHA loan, Jumbo loan, VA loan, renovation loan, HELOC and adjustable-rate mortgage (ARM)

Terms 10–30 years

Credit needed As low as 500 for FHA loans with a 10% downpayment; 580 for FHA loans with a 3.5% down payment

Minimum down payment Starting at 3.5% for an FHA loan Terms apply. Pros No lenders fees for existing LoanDepot borrowers when refinancing with LoanDepot

Wide range of loans offered, including FHA loans, VA loans, HELOC and Jumbo loans

Options for an adjustable-rate mortgage (ARM) Cons Doesn't offer USDA loans Learn More View More

Who's this for? LoanDepot offers a mortgage guarantee that waives all lender fees and reimburses appraisal fees on any future refinancing. The company's mello smartloan™ digitizes much of the process, from application to closing. Standout benefits: LoanDepot offers a $1,000 closing guarantee if you don't close by your specified date. First-time buyers who work with a mellohome real estate agent can receive up to $4,500 back. [ Jump to more details ]

Best for no private mortgage insurance: Citibank

Citibank Mortgage Account Learn More Annual Percentage Rate (APR) Apply online for personalized rates

Types of loans Conventional, FHA, VA and jumbo loans

Terms 15 – 30 years

Credit needed Not disclosed

Minimum down payment Conventional mortgage: 5%, HomeRun loan: 3%, FHA: 3.5%, VA: 0%. Terms apply. Pros Lower-than-average rates

Issues loans in all 50 states

Citibank customers can earn closing credit or rate reduction

Up to $7,500 closing grant

Jumbo loans available for up to $8 million Cons No USDA loans

No zero-down payment option except for VA loan

Limited customer service hours

Received F from Better Business Bureau. Learn More View More

Who's this for? Citibank's HomeRun loan lets you put down as little as 3% without PMI. If you already bought a house, you can use HomeRun to refinance your mortgage. Standout benefits: Citi's Lender Paid Assistance program enables eligible borrowers to get up to $7,500 in closing-cost credits. [ Jump to more details ]

Best for no credit: Guild Mortgage

Guild Mortgage Learn More Annual Percentage Rate (APR) Apply online for rates.

Types of loans Conventional, FHA, VA, USDA, Arrive Home, Zero Down, jumbo, construction, refinancing, reverse mortgages

Terms 15 to 30 years

Credit needed 540 for FHA, VA and USDA loans; 600 for Zero Down; 620 for conventional loans, 680 for jumbo loans. Non-traditional credit option available

Minimum down payment 0% for USDA, Arrive Home™ or Zero Down; 1% for conventional loans, 3.5% for FHA loans Pros Down payments as low as 0% on conventional loans

FHA loan approval with 540 credit score

Over 200 physical branches in 32 states

E-closings available Cons Rates not available online

No HELOC or home equity loans

Does not issue mortgages in New York

Low customer satisfaction score from JD Power Learn More View More

Who's this for? Guild Mortgage will consider borrowers with no credit history, using proof of on-time payment of rent, insurance and utility bills instead. Standout benefits: Guild's Zero Down mortgage combines a 3.5% FHA loan with a forgivable second mortgage to bring your down payment down to 0%. Borrowers can be approved with credit scores as low as 600. [ Jump to more details ]

Best for a quick closing: CrossCountry Mortgage

CrossCountry Mortgage Learn More Annual Percentage Rate (APR) Fixed-rate and adjustable-rate mortgages available. Apply online for rates.

Types of loans Conventional loans, FHA loans, VA loans, USDA loans, jumbo loans, manufactured home loans

Terms Apply online for terms

Credit needed 620 for conventional loans, 500 to 580 for some government-insured loans

Minimum down payment 3% Pros Provides down payment grants

Some borrowers can close within 10 days

Available in all 50 states Cons Higher-than-average rates

Rates are not online Learn More View More

Who's this for? CrossCountry Mortgage boasts it can close most mortgages in as little as 21 days, about half the time lenders usually take. Standout benefits: First-time buyers who meet income or location requirements can qualify for up to $6,500 in down payment assistance from CrossCountry. [ Jump to more details ]

Best for military members and veterans: Navy Federal Credit Union

Navy Federal Credit Union Learn More Annual Percentage Rate (APR) Apply online for personalized rates

Types of loans Conventional, VA, Military Choice, Homebuyers Choice

Terms 10 – 30 years

Credit needed Not disclosed

Minimum down payment 5% for conventional loan, 0% for VA, Military Choice and Homebuyers Choice

Terms apply. Pros 0% down payment for most loans

Origination fee can be waived for 0.25% rate increase

$1,000 rate-match guarantee

No private mortgage insurance required

Up to $9,000 back if you buy or sell through RealtyPlus program. Cons Must be a Navy Federal member to apply

Membership limited to active military, veterans and their families

No USDA or FHA loans Learn More View More

Who's this for? Navy Federal Credit Union issues mortgages to active-duty military, veterans and their families. Borrowers can apply with non-traditional credit sources, like proof of on-time rent and utility bill payments, and Navy Federal will also consider the banking history of existing customers. Standout benefits: If you opt for a 0.25% rate increase, Navy Federal's 1.00% origination fee can be waived. The Military Choice mortgage is similar to a VA loan (no down payment or private mortgage insurance) but sellers can contribute up to 6% of the home's value toward closing costs. [ Jump to more details ]

Calculate your monthly mortgage payment

More on our top lenders for bad credit

Rocket Mortgage

Rocket Mortgage, the largest home loan provider in the U.S., consistently scores above average on J.D. Power customer satisfaction surveys. Verified approval is available in as little as two hours, with an average closing time of 22 days. Types of mortgage loans offered: Conventional, FHA, VA, jumbo, HomeReady and Home Possible, Rocket ONE+ mortgage, refinancing, home equity loans Minimum credit score: 580 for FHA, 620 for conventional Minimum down payment: 0% for VA, 1% for Rocket ONE+; 3% for conventional, 3.5% for FHA [ Return to summary ]

Carrington Mortgage Services

Carrington Mortgage Services has been specializing in helping borrowers with trouble qualifying for a traditional mortgage since its founding in 2007. It has a considerably lower-than-average customer satisfaction rating for mortgage servicing, however, and was fined $5.25 million in 2022 for misleading customers about pandemic-era mortgage payment relief. Types of mortgage loans offered: Conventional, FHA, VA, USDA, non-qualifying, jumbo Minimum credit score: 620 for conventional, 550 for USDA and Carrington Flexible Advantage, 500 for FHA and VA Minimum down payment: 0% for VA, 3% for conventional, 3.5% for FHA [return to summary]

LoanDepot

LoanDepot is one of the nation's largest nonbank mortgage originators, funding over $300 billion since its founding in 2010. It scored above average on J.D. Power's 2024 U.S. Mortgage Servicer Satisfaction Study and earned an A+ from the Better Business Bureau. Nationwide availability

Available in all 50 states and Washington, D.C. Types of mortgages offered

Conventional, FHA, USDA, VA, jumbo, refinancing, HELOC Minimum credit score

620 for conventional Minimum down payment

5% for conventional, 3.5% for FHA, 0% for VA and USDA loans [return to summary]

Citibank

Existing Citibank customers are eligible for a $500 closing credit or an interest rate discount, depending on their account balance. Unlike most preapprovals, Citibank's SureStart® agreement includes a "commitment to lend" so there are no surprises later. Minimum credit score: Not disclosed. Types of mortgage loans offered: Conventional, FHA, VA and jumbo loans Minimum down payment: 0% for VA loans; 3% for conventional loans, 3.5% for FHA loans, 10% for jumbo [ Return to summary ]

Guild Mortgage

Founded in San Diego in 1960, Guild is licensed in all states except New York. Its Homebuyer Express guarantee ensures closing in 17 days or borrowers can receive $500 in closing costs (not available in Oregon). While Guild scored highly on JD Powers' 2023 mortgage originator survey, it was ranked near the bottom for mortgage servicing. Types of mortgage loans offered: Conventional, FHA, VA, USDA, jumbo Minimum credit score: 540 for FHA, 620 for conventional. (Guild also considers nontraditional credit sources.) Minimum down payment: 0% for VA and Zero Down loans, 3% for conventional loans, 3.5% for FHA loans [ Return to summary ]

CrossCountry Mortgage

CrossCountry Mortgage issues home loans in all 50 states and the District of Columbia, and has over 600 branches for in-person service. It's routinely rated above average for both mortgage origination and servicing by J.D. Power and received an A+ from the Better Business Bureau. Types of mortgage loans offered: Conventional, FHA, VA, USDA, jumbo, Minimum credit score: 500 for FHA, 620 for conventional Minimum down payment: 0% for VA, 3% for conventional, 3.5% for FHA [ Return to summary ]

Navy Federal Credit Union

Navy Federal Credit Union is the largest credit union in the country and the fourth-largest provider of VA loans. Membership is limited to active duty service members, veterans, Reservists, Department of Defense employees and their immediate family members. Types of mortgage loans offered: Conventional, VA, Military Choice, Homebuyers Choice Minimum credit score: Not disclosed. (Navy Federal considers non-traditional credit sources.) Minimum down payment: 0% for VA loans, 5% for conventional loans [ Return to summary ]

What kind of mortgage can I get with bad credit?

Your credit history is a big part of the mortgage approval process and influences the rate you'll pay. But the minimum credit score you need depends on the type of loan you're taking out. The government doesn't set credit score requirements for VA or USDA loans, but these are the scores most lenders want to see.

Mortgage type Minimum credit score Conventional loan 620 Jumbo loan 700 FHA loan 580 (or 500 with 10% down) VA loan 620 USDA loan 640



How to improve your credit score

Getting ready to apply for a mortgage? Raising your credit score is the first step. Pay bills on time Paying credit card bills and other debts on time is the most important thing you can do to raise your score. Your payment history is 35% of your FICO® score, making it the biggest determiner in your credit score. Paying the total amount due and not carrying a balance will keep your credit utilization rate low. (Experts recommend keeping your total utilization below 30%, but below 10% is even better.) Setting up autopay reduces the likelihood that you'll miss a payment. Don't open new lines of credit Getting a new credit card or taking out a personal loan can hurt your credit in a few ways: Applying will require a hard inquiry which can temporarily lower your score — and if you're approved, the average age of your accounts will drop. Request a credit limit increase One way to boost your credit score is to ask your credit card servicer to increase your credit limit. Provided you don't charge anything, that will increase your available credit and lower your credit utilization rate. Check for errors in your credit reports Some 44% of consumers have found errors in their credit reports, according to an April 2024 study from Consumer Reports. it's always smart to monitor your credit reports for inaccuracies, whether they're honest mistakes or signs of fraud. You can use Aura, IdentityForce or another credit monitoring service to survey your reports from Experian, Equifax and TransUnion.

FAQs What credit score do I need to get a mortgage? For a conventional mortgage, lenders typically want a credit score of 620. However, you'll need a score of 760 for the best rates. What kinds of mortgages are easier to get approved for? Government-backed mortgages — like FHA, USDA, and VA loans — typically have more flexible credit score requirements than conventional loans. However, they may have other limitations: VA loans are limited to current or former service members, for example, and USDA loans are only for individuals who meet income and location requirements. What is the lowest credit score to get approved for a mortgage? You can qualify for an FHA loan with a score as low as 500 if you make a down payment of at least 10%. Requirements vary by lender, however. What is a non-qualifying mortgage? A non-qualified mortgage (or non-QM loan) doesn't conform to income and credit requirements the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau sets. Non-QM loans can help people with poor credit, unusual income streams or a bankruptcy in their past get a mortgage, although the interest rates are significantly higher.

Why trust CNBC Select?

At CNBC Select, our mission is to provide our readers with high-quality service journalism and comprehensive consumer advice so they can make informed decisions with their money. Every mortgage review is based on rigorous reporting by our team of expert writers and editors with extensive knowledge of mortgage products. While CNBC Select earns a commission from affiliate partners on many offers and links, we create all our content without input from our commercial team or any outside third parties, and we pride ourselves on our journalistic standards and ethics. See our methodology for more information on how we choose the best bad credit mortgages.

Subscribe to the CNBC Select Newsletter! Money matters — so make the most of it. Get expert tips, strategies, news and everything else you need to maximize your money, right to your inbox. Sign up here.

Our methodology

To determine which mortgage lenders are the best for bad credit, CNBC Select analyzed dozens of U.S. mortgages offered by online and brick-and-mortar banks and credit unions. When narrowing down and ranking the best mortgages, we focused on the following features: Fixed-rate APR: Variable rates can go up and down over the lifetime of your loan. With a fixed rate APR, you lock in an interest rate for the duration of the loan's term, which means your monthly payment won't vary, making your budget easier to plan.

Variable rates can go up and down over the lifetime of your loan. With a fixed rate APR, you lock in an interest rate for the duration of the loan's term, which means your monthly payment won't vary, making your budget easier to plan. Types of loans offered: The most common kinds of mortgage loans include conventional loans, FHA loans and VA loans. In addition to these loans, lenders may also offer USDA loans and jumbo loans. Having more options available means the lender can cater to a wider range of applicant needs. We have also considered loans that would suit the needs of borrowers who plan to purchase their second home or a rental property.

The most common kinds of mortgage loans include conventional loans, FHA loans and VA loans. In addition to these loans, lenders may also offer USDA loans and jumbo loans. Having more options available means the lender can cater to a wider range of applicant needs. We have also considered loans that would suit the needs of borrowers who plan to purchase their second home or a rental property. Closing timeline: The lenders on our list offer closing timelines that vary from as promptly as two weeks after the home purchase agreement has been signed to as many as 45 days after.

The lenders on our list offer closing timelines that vary from as promptly as two weeks after the home purchase agreement has been signed to as many as 45 days after. Fees: Common fees associated with mortgage applications include origination fees, application fees, underwriting fees, processing fees and administrative fees. We evaluate these fees in addition to other features when determining the overall offer from each lender. We have noted any instances in which a particular lender does not charge these fees.

Common fees associated with mortgage applications include origination fees, application fees, underwriting fees, processing fees and administrative fees. We evaluate these fees in addition to other features when determining the overall offer from each lender. We have noted any instances in which a particular lender does not charge these fees. Flexible minimum and maximum loan amounts/terms: Each mortgage lender provides a variety of financing options that you can customize based on your monthly budget and how long you need to pay back your loan.

Each mortgage lender provides a variety of financing options that you can customize based on your monthly budget and how long you need to pay back your loan. Streamlined application process: We considered whether lenders offered a convenient online application process and/or an in-person procedure.

We considered whether lenders offered a convenient online application process and/or an in-person procedure. Customer support: Every mortgage lender on our list provides customer service via telephone, email or secure online messaging. We also opted for lenders with an online resource hub or advice center to help you educate yourself about the personal loan process and your finances.

Every mortgage lender on our list provides customer service via telephone, email or secure online messaging. We also opted for lenders with an online resource hub or advice center to help you educate yourself about the personal loan process and your finances. Minimum down payment: Although minimum down payments depend on the loan type, we noted lenders that offer specialty loans with lower down payment requirements After reviewing the above features, we sorted our recommendations by the best for flexible terms, for non-qualifying mortgages, for refinancing, for no private mortgage insurance, for borrowers with no credit history, for quick closings and for military members and veterans. We also considered CNBC Select audience data when available, such as general demographics and engagement with our content and tools. The rates and fee structures cited for mortgages are subject to change according to company policy or the Fed rate. Catch up on CNBC Select's in-depth coverage of credit cards, banking and money, and follow us on TikTok, Facebook, Instagram and Twitter to stay up to date.

Editorial Note: Opinions, analyses, reviews or recommendations expressed in this article are those of the Select editorial staff’s alone, and have not been reviewed, approved or otherwise endorsed by any third party.

### DATE: 
2022-05-16

### Summary: 
Types of mortgage loans offered: Conventional, FHA, VA, USDA, jumbo Minimum credit score: 540 for FHA, 620 for conventional.
Request a credit limit increase One way to boost your credit score is to ask your credit card servicer to increase your credit limit.
For a conventional mortgage, lenders typically want a credit score of 620.
Types of loans offered: The most common kinds of mortgage loans include conventional loans, FHA loans and VA loans.
The most common kinds of mortgage loans include conventional loans, FHA loans and VA loans.

### Keywords: 
fha
best
va
2024
loans
bad
score
credit
mortgage
lenders
loan
conventional
usda
payment

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 27


### TITLE: 
What are ETFs and should you invest in them?

### TEXT: 
TD Ameritrade, Inc. has been acquired by Charles Schwab, and all accounts have been moved. There are so many ways to invest your money to build your wealth. From stocks to bonds to index funds, there's a wide range of investment vehicles for every kind of investor depending on their goals. A common choice for beginner investors who want exposure to the overall stock market is to put money into an exchange-traded fund or ETF.

What are ETFs?

Think of ETFs as buckets that hold a collection of securities, like stocks and bonds. Because ETFs are made up of these multiple assets, they provide investors with instant diversification. When an investor purchases a share of an ETF, their money is spread across different investments. This differs from stocks where you buy shares of just a single company. ETFs typically mimic a market index like the S&P 500. Since ETF performance is usually based on an index — meaning they follow the ups and downs of said index — most are passively managed investments and thus likely have lower fees than mutual funds. Mutual funds, on the other hand, want to beat the market's performance and are thus managed by a fund manager, who's actively choosing the investments. Similar to stocks, ETFs can be bought and sold on an exchange throughout the day, and investors can even earn dividends depending on the type of index the fund tracks.

Should you invest in ETFs?

Since ETFs offer built-in diversification and don't require large amounts of capital in order to invest in a range of stocks, they are a good way to get started. You can trade them like stocks while also enjoying a diversified portfolio. How to get started investing in ETFs First, you'll need to set up an online account through a broker or trading platform. After funding the account, you can purchase ETFs using their ticker symbol and indicating how many shares you want. Deciding on how many shares to buy largely depends on the current pricing of a share and your own financial situation. ETFs are good for beginners because they offer entry-level access: You can buy as little as a single share, and with some brokers, like Robinhood, you can even buy fractional shares. Fees vary by broker, but it's best to look for options with very low or no transaction costs. These days, many of the traditional brokerages offer commission-free trading on ETFs. Some of the best $0 commission trading platforms include the below: TD Ameritrade

Ally Invest

E*TRADE

Vanguard

Charles Schwab

Fidelity Though ETFs tracking the S&P 500 are some of the most popular, be aware that very few ETFs track the S&P 500 as a whole, rather just components of the index. The Vanguard S&P 500 ETF (VOO) tracks the entire index, and it has low management fees. Its current expense ratio is 0.03%, which means you pay just 30 cents per year for every $1,000 invested. For every $10,000 invested, that would equate to $3 per year.

Bottom line

You don't have to be so hands-on in order to invest with ETFs, and investing in them is an easy way to get started in the market. If you don't feel confident choosing ETFs, consider opening an account with a robo-advisor that automatically invests on your behalf. Many robo-advisors, like Betterment, recommend low-cost ETF portfolios so you can take advantage of this investing vehicle without having to do your research on all the different options available.

Editorial Note: Opinions, analyses, reviews or recommendations expressed in this article are those of the Select editorial staff’s alone, and have not been reviewed, approved or otherwise endorsed by any third party.

### DATE: 
2021-09-18

### Summary: 
ETFs typically mimic a market index like the S&P 500.
Should you invest in ETFs?
Since ETFs offer built-in diversification and don't require large amounts of capital in order to invest in a range of stocks, they are a good way to get started.
Some of the best $0 commission trading platforms include the below: TD AmeritradeAlly InvestE*TRADEVanguardCharles SchwabFidelity Though ETFs tracking the S&P 500 are some of the most popular, be aware that very few ETFs track the S&P 500 as a whole, rather just components of the index.
Bottom lineYou don't have to be so hands-on in order to invest with ETFs, and investing in them is an easy way to get started in the market.

### Keywords: 
stocks
trading
500
index
etfs
invest
etf
buy
sp
shares

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 28


### TITLE: 
Indian market in a consolidation phase: Alchemy Capital Management

### TEXT: 
Share Share Article via Facebook Share Article via Twitter Share Article via LinkedIn Share Article via Email

Indian market in a consolidation phase: Alchemy Capital Management

Hiren Ved, Director & CIO of Alchemy Capital says India’s outflow of foreign investments to China is tactical however disappointing Chinese stimulus details may reverse that flow, projecting India's growth and earnings to pick up in Q3.

### DATE: 
2024-11-12

### Summary: 
Share Share Article via Facebook Share Article via Twitter Share Article via LinkedIn Share Article via EmailIndian market in a consolidation phase: Alchemy Capital ManagementHiren Ved, Director & CIO of Alchemy Capital says India’s outflow of foreign investments to China is tactical however disappointing Chinese stimulus details may reverse that flow, projecting India's growth and earnings to pick up in Q3.

### Keywords: 
indian
share
management
alchemy
article
consolidation
market
phase
twitter
tactical
ved
reverse
capital
stimulus
indias

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 29


### TITLE: 
What Trump's election victory means for global investors — and why it's different to 2016

### TEXT: 
President-elect Donald Trump's return to the White House has sent ripples through global financial markets, with many investors looking to recalibrate their portfolios for a dramatically different policy landscape ahead. The Republican sweep of the presidency and, potentially, both houses of Congress has triggered what analysts call the return of "Trump trades" — but with key differences to 2016 that could reshape the investment outlook. The immediate market reaction has been positive for U.S. assets , with small-cap stocks and sectors like banking and technology seeing solid gains. The Russell 2000 small-cap U.S. stock market index is up over 8% since election day, while the Nasdaq Composite is up around 6% and banks and financial institutions have rallied by more than 10%. Will the stock moves last? "The question down the line will be over the sustainability of the move, and that in turn will depend on bond yields' behavior," said Mislav Matejka, JPMorgan's head of global and European equity strategy, in a research note. Unlike in 2016, when 10-year Treasury yields were generally around 2%, they now sit above 4%. This makes further rises in bond yields more challenging for equity markets to digest. Higher Treasury yields mean higher interest rates for corporate borrowers. Investors may also pull money from stocks to seek higher returns in Treasurys relative to the risk, which could push stock prices down. Trump's tariffs Perhaps the biggest concern for investors globally is Trump's campaign promise of aggressive new tariffs , including the potential for a universal 10% tariff on all imports and a 60% tariff on Chinese goods. Economists at Nomura, one of Japan's largest investment banks, expect these policies to be a key focus early in Trump's second term, warning that "tariffs are likely to be inflationary and negative for growth" in the U.S. As a result, the bank's chief economist, David Seif, has forecast just one U.S. rate cut by the Federal Reserve next year — the consequence of which is likely to be felt globally. Impact on Asia Capital Economics expects most Asian currencies to weaken by up to 5% against the dollar over the coming year, not least because of the expected higher interest environment in the U.S. High interest rates typically attract fund flows into the United States, depriving emerging market economies of cheaper borrowing and the growth that follows. The impact of this can be seen in the Indian rupee , which fell to all-time lows against the U.S. dollar following the U.S. election. Korea, Taiwan and some other countries are also at high risk of being impacted by changes in U.S. trade policy, according to Goldman Sachs, given the amount they export into the country. However, some Asian nations might benefit if higher tariffs on China prompt manufacturers to relocate. "Vietnam, with its low labor costs and strategic geographical location, has so far been the biggest beneficiary of worsening U.S.-China relations," said Gareth Leather, senior Asia economist at Capital Economics, in a note. In the past, India has also benefited from tariffs and risks associated with the U.S.-China trade relationship. "Potential tariff or non-tariff barriers on Chinese imports in the U.S. and India's domestic manufacturing thrust with Make in India, could be positive for Indian [electronics manufacturing services] companies in areas like PCBs [electric circuits], semiconductors, mobile phones, cables and wires, among others," said Macquarie Capital's head of India research Aditya Suresh, citing cable and wire maker Polycab as an example of a stock that stands to benefit in this scenario. Europe Most analysts agree that U.S. trade tariffs are likely to hurt Europe, with some companies able to navigate the challenges better than others. "The European Union is highly exposed to U.S. tariffs because it is trade intensive, and the U.S. is the largest destination for EU exports," Morningstar analysts said in a note to clients on Nov. 5. European automakers and pharmaceutical companies appear especially vulnerable. However, the impact varies by company depending on their U.S. manufacturing presence and the proportion of their global revenues derived from the U.S. "For companies with local production, the impact should be neutral to positive, while larger non-U.S. manufacturers will have to adapt or face margin headwinds if higher prices cannot be implemented," said Swiss investment bank Vontobel's senior equity analyst Mark Diethelm. In a note to clients, Diethelm suggested that Swiss building materials firm Holcim is likely to see a "positive impact" from the tariffs as many of its products are manufactured in the U.S. Others, such as electronics maker Logitech , could see a negative impact as it has a significant China-based manufacturing base. More broadly, investors should bear in mind that companies are likely to begin factoring in the impact of tariffs and move ahead of actual policy, according to Barclays. "Tariffs concern may continue to weigh on Europe this time around, but we note that any actual decision on tariffs is likely to require the new government and cabinet secretaries to be sworn in, which could be a process taking up to [six months], so this may not be an immediate risk," said the bank's chief European strategist Emmanuel Cau in a note to clients on Nov. 6. — CNBC's Michael Bloom contributed reporting.

### DATE: 
2024-11-12

### Summary: 
President-elect Donald Trump's return to the White House has sent ripples through global financial markets, with many investors looking to recalibrate their portfolios for a dramatically different policy landscape ahead.
Higher Treasury yields mean higher interest rates for corporate borrowers.
Trump's tariffs Perhaps the biggest concern for investors globally is Trump's campaign promise of aggressive new tariffs , including the potential for a universal 10% tariff on all imports and a 60% tariff on Chinese goods.
However, some Asian nations might benefit if higher tariffs on China prompt manufacturers to relocate.
Europe Most analysts agree that U.S. trade tariffs are likely to hurt Europe, with some companies able to navigate the challenges better than others.

### Keywords: 
trade
yields
victory
global
trumps
investors
impact
note
higher
2016
stock
different
means
tariffs
likely
election
companies

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 30


### TITLE: 
CNBC's Inside India newsletter: How will the next Trump administration impact India?

### TEXT: 
India's Prime Minister Narendra Modi shakes hands with former U.S. President Donald Trump before a meeting at Hyderabad House in New Delhi on February 25, 2020.

This report is from this week's CNBC's "Inside India" newsletter which brings you timely, insightful news and market commentary on the emerging powerhouse and the big businesses behind its meteoric rise. Like what you see? You can subscribe here.

Donald Trump decisively won the U.S. presidential election, becoming one of only two American leaders who have retaken the keys to the White House after a spell out of office.

Just as in 2016, investors are grappling with policy uncertainty surrounding his presidency and what might come in the following year.

Yet, the outcomes are likely to be vastly different from eight years ago — at least as far as India is concerned.

Manufacturing

At first glance, Trump's "Make America Great Again" campaign appears double-edged and at odds with Prime Minister Narendra Modi's "Make in India" initiative.

Taxes on goods imported from China into the U.S. will likely benefit India, most analysts say, as companies shift manufacturing to the South Asian nation to avoid duties. Global trade changed considerably over the past four years — benefiting India — as President Joe Biden retained much of Trump's tariffs on China.

"Potential tariff or non-tariff barriers on Chinese imports in the U.S. and India's domestic manufacturing thrust with Make in India, could be positive for Indian [electronics manufacturing services] companies in areas like PCBs [electric circuits], semiconductors, mobile phones, cables and wires, among others," said Macquarie Capital's head of India research Aditya Suresh, citing cable and wire maker Polycab as an example of a stock that stands to benefit in this scenario.

Analysts also suggest that the benefits from supply chains reorienting, with companies basing themselves in India and out of China, will outweigh the impact of universal tariffs on all goods imported into the U.S.

However, Trump took unilateral measures during his previous reign, targeting India with tariffs by removing the country from a special trade program known as the Generalized System of Preferences. About $5 billion worth of exports from India to the U.S. have had duties applied to them since 2019, according to the Observer Research Foundation.

Tax rises and tax cuts

Import duties can raise U.S. consumer prices and push up inflation alongside bond yields . Higher U.S. Treasury yields often usurp money away from emerging markets rapidly, including India, in today's viscous market environment.

Why invest in high-risk equities overseas when Uncle Sam is offering 4.5% every year risk-free on your investment?

Foreign investors have already begun walking with their wallets, selling $1.5 billion worth of Indian stocks this month on top of the $11 billion in October. Last month, the Nifty 50 index fell by 6% and logged its worst monthly performance since March 2020.

Slashing the U.S. corporate tax rate to 15%, if Republicans take control of both houses of Congress, will also boost U.S. stock markets. That makes it harder for Indian equities to outperform just as Mumbai-listed stocks start to struggle to meet earnings expectations.

Immigration

President-elect Trump campaigned on curbing illegal immigration in the United States, and just as long as the new administration's focus remains on "illegal," the Indian IT sector remains shielded. However, if unemployment continues to rise, as it has over the past few quarters, policy uncertainty risk becomes front and center.

"IT services could see an impact with U.S. being the dominant end market as well as potential changes to immigration, if any," said Citi economists Samiran Chakraborty and Baqar Zaidi.

Companies such as Tata Consultancy Services , HCL Tech , and U.S.-listed Infosys are heavily reliant on work permits to bring employees from India into the U.S. However, over the years, the share of foreign workers employed at these companies has reportedly fallen to less than half, making them more resilient to changes in visa rules. Additionally, since the Covid-19 pandemic, most companies have trimmed their costs with remote working.

Energy

On the one hand, analysts expect Indian interests to be aligned with those of the United States regarding oil prices . Trump's previous term in office, whether intentionally or coincidently, saw moderate to low oil prices. Market observers expect that to be repeated in his second term.

As India imports over 90% of its oil needs, New Delhi will likely welcome any move by the U.S. to keep oil prices low.

A quick resolution of the war in Ukraine — Trump's campaign promise — would also prove to be negative for oil prices.

On the other hand, India is also hoping to become an exporter of renewable energy products and judging by the stock market's reaction to the news of the U.S. election results, that sector is unlikely to be in Trump's good books.

Mumbai-listed wind turbine maker Suzlon Energy 's shares tumbled after the U.S. election results. Although the company earns just 1.5% of its total revenue from the U.S., sales have grown by 42% over the past year, according to FactSet data. Will it continue to grow in the future?

Kotak Institutional Equities' Sanjeev Prasad said the next U.S. administration's "likely anti-ESG approach may not be positive for a portion of India's exports," such as solar panel module makers.

### DATE: 
2024-11-07

### Summary: 
Global trade changed considerably over the past four years — benefiting India — as President Joe Biden retained much of Trump's tariffs on China.
EnergyOn the one hand, analysts expect Indian interests to be aligned with those of the United States regarding oil prices .
Trump's previous term in office, whether intentionally or coincidently, saw moderate to low oil prices.
As India imports over 90% of its oil needs, New Delhi will likely welcome any move by the U.S. to keep oil prices low.
A quick resolution of the war in Ukraine — Trump's campaign promise — would also prove to be negative for oil prices.

### Keywords: 
inside
indian
prices
administration
trumps
market
trump
impact
oil
cnbcs
tariffs
newsletter
likely
india
companies

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 31


### TITLE: 
Indian financials attractive despite recent underperformance: Investment strategist

### TEXT: 
Share Share Article via Facebook Share Article via Twitter Share Article via LinkedIn Share Article via Email

Indian financials attractive despite recent underperformance: Investment strategist

VK Vijayakumar, chief investment strategist of Geojit Financial Services, says the recent market weakness in India is justified and names the sectors that he believes remain fairly valued.

### DATE: 
2024-11-06

### Summary: 
Share Share Article via Facebook Share Article via Twitter Share Article via LinkedIn Share Article via EmailIndian financials attractive despite recent underperformance: Investment strategistVK Vijayakumar, chief investment strategist of Geojit Financial Services, says the recent market weakness in India is justified and names the sectors that he believes remain fairly valued.

### Keywords: 
indian
share
article
despite
recent
twitter
investment
strategist
vijayakumar
attractive
underperformance
weakness
financials
strategistvk
valued

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 32


### TITLE: 
Goldman Sachs names 2 top auto stocks in Asia — giving one 44% upside

### TEXT: 
Goldman Sachs has refreshed its list of top stock picks in Asia to include two automotive stocks: India's Mahindra and Mahindra and Japan's Honda Motor . The stocks are featured on the investment bank's "Conviction List - Directors' Cut," which seeks to offer a "curated and active" list of buy-rated stocks. It comes as auto stocks have been in the spotlight in the region following stronger SUV sales in countries like India and high electric vehicle adoption in China . Mahindra and Mahindra Goldman is betting on Mahindra and Mahindra given its "unique pipeline" in India's SUV car market. "M & M's evolution from a rural SUV brand in the previous decade to a lifestyle SUV brand in the current decade offers comfort on its upward trajectory in ASP (average selling price) and profit per unit dynamics," the investment bank wrote in a Nov. 3 note. Analyst Chandramouli Muthiah expects the company's "strong new SUV order backlog and upcoming Battery Electric Vehicle launches to support industry leading growth visibility vs (its) peers." Mahindra plans to launch five new internal combustion engine SUVs and seven electric SUVs by 2030. Shares in Mahindra are listed on India's National Stock Exchange and Bombay Stock Exchange and as an American Depositary Receipt (ADR) in the U.S. under the MAHMF ticker. Its shares are up nearly 70% year-to-date. Goldman has a 12-month target price of 3,600 Indian rupees ($42.80) on the stock, implying 25% potential upside. Honda In Japan, Goldman is bullish on Honda which it describes as "one of the few automakers that can maintain/expand its strong profit margins while making upfront investments in electrification and intelligent mobility." In analyst Kota Yuzawa's view, the stock stands to gain from "growth in its motorcycle business, expanding earnings from next-generation hybrids, and appropriately controlling the timing of its investments." "While some investors are concerned about a temporary decline in earnings as the company transitions to a higher EV sales weighting, we think hybrid earnings are likely to minimize this impact. At the same time, strong growth and profitability in its motorcycle division will help underpin earnings," he added. Shares in Honda trade on the Tokyo Stock Exchange and as an ADR in the U.S. under the HMC ticker. Its shares have been on a broad decline over the past 6 months, but remain up nearly 4% year-to-date. Goldman has a target price of 2,200 Japanese yen ($14.50) on the stock, implying 44.3% potential upside. The investment bank's stock picks are selected by a subcommittee in each region which "collaborate with each sector analyst to identify top ideas that offer a combination of conviction, a differentiated view and high risk-adjusted returns," Goldman says. — CNBC's Michael Bloom contributed to this report.

### DATE: 
2024-11-05

### Summary: 
Goldman Sachs has refreshed its list of top stock picks in Asia to include two automotive stocks: India's Mahindra and Mahindra and Japan's Honda Motor .
The stocks are featured on the investment bank's "Conviction List - Directors' Cut," which seeks to offer a "curated and active" list of buy-rated stocks.
Mahindra and Mahindra Goldman is betting on Mahindra and Mahindra given its "unique pipeline" in India's SUV car market.
Goldman has a 12-month target price of 3,600 Indian rupees ($42.80) on the stock, implying 25% potential upside.
Goldman has a target price of 2,200 Japanese yen ($14.50) on the stock, implying 44.3% potential upside.

### Keywords: 
earnings
names
stocks
goldman
suv
sachs
mahindra
honda
price
upside
asia
auto
strong
44
stock
shares
giving

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 33


### TITLE: 
Ambani's Reliance Jio IPO set for 2025, retail debut much later, sources say

### TEXT: 
Mukesh D. Ambani, chairman of Reliance Industries Ltd., attends the Ajay Mushran Memorial Lecture in New Delhi, India, on Sunday, July 10, 2011.

Indian billionaire Mukesh Ambani targets a 2025 Mumbai listing for his telecom business Jio, valued by analysts at over $100 billion, and plans to launch his retail unit's IPO much later, two people familiar with the matter told Reuters.

Reliance Industries' boss Ambani hasn't updated his IPO timelines after saying in 2019 that Reliance Jio and Reliance Retail would "move towards" a listing within five years.

In recent years, Ambani, Asia's richest man, raised $25 billion collectively for digital, telecom and retail businesses from the likes of KKR, General Atlantic and Abu Dhabi Investment Authority, valuing both ventures at above $100 billion.

The two sources said Reliance has now firmed up plans to launch the Reliance Jio IPO in 2025 as it internally believes it has achieved a stable business and revenue stream in becoming India's No. 1 telecom player with 479 million subscribers.

But the retail business IPO is not expected until after 2025 as the company first needs to address some internal business and operational challenges, said the first source.

Oil-to-retail conglomerate Reliance Industries did not respond to a request for comment.

Reliance Jio is set to lock horns with Elon Musk if he launches his Starlink internet service in India, and Jio, which is also backed by Google and Meta, has partnered with Nvidia to develop AI infrastructure.

The sources said there was no internal decision yet on a valuation of Reliance Jio and bankers haven't yet been appointed, but Jefferies in July pegged the company's estimated IPO valuation at $112 billion.

Reliance, however, aims for the 2025 Jio IPO to be India's biggest ever, overtaking Hyundai India's record $3.3 billion IPO this year, said the first source.

Both the sources, who declined to be named as the discussions are private, said the IPO timelines can still change.

Indian markets recently scaled record highs and by October, 270 companies had raised $12.58 billion from Indian IPOs this year, eclipsing the $7.42 billion raised in all of 2023.

### DATE: 
2024-11-04

### Summary: 
Reliance Industries' boss Ambani hasn't updated his IPO timelines after saying in 2019 that Reliance Jio and Reliance Retail would "move towards" a listing within five years.
The two sources said Reliance has now firmed up plans to launch the Reliance Jio IPO in 2025 as it internally believes it has achieved a stable business and revenue stream in becoming India's No.
But the retail business IPO is not expected until after 2025 as the company first needs to address some internal business and operational challenges, said the first source.
Reliance Jio is set to lock horns with Elon Musk if he launches his Starlink internet service in India, and Jio, which is also backed by Google and Meta, has partnered with Nvidia to develop AI infrastructure.
Reliance, however, aims for the 2025 Jio IPO to be India's biggest ever, overtaking Hyundai India's record $3.3 billion IPO this year, said the first source.

### Keywords: 
retail
set
sources
jio
ambanis
ambani
telecom
later
reliance
2025
ipo
billion
business
debut
say

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 34


### TITLE: 
India central bank well-equipped for post-U.S. election volatility, Reuters reports

### TEXT: 
A sign for the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) sign is displayed inside central bank's headquarters in Mumbai, India.

India's central bank is well-equipped to deal with a potential sudden outflow of foreign funds and any steep fall in the rupee if Republican candidate Donald Trump wins next week's U.S. presidential election, two sources familiar with the bank's thinking said.

The Reserve Bank of India would be able to tap its large foreign exchange reserves to defend the domestic currency in the event of global market volatility and an outflow of foreign funds, the sources said. They spoke on condition of anonymity because of the sensitivity of the matter.

"The reserves have been built up to take care of excessive volatility. If there are sharp outflows, RBI will step in to manage it, as it has been doing," one of the sources said.

The RBI did not reply to an email requesting comment.

The sources also warned that any steep rise in U.S. tariffs towards China could trigger knock-on effects in India and other emerging economies, including imported inflation and fallout from China's policy responses that could affect India's monetary policy.

Republican candidate Donald Trump and his Democratic opponent, Vice President Kamala Harris, are effectively tied going into the Nov. 5 election, according to the latest Reuters/Ipsos poll published on Tuesday. Trump has vowed to impose 60% duties on imports from China.

The U.S. treasury yield has risen about 50 basis points this month and the dollar index strengthened 3.3% as election day approaches. There has been a record outflow of more than $10 billion in foreign funds from India stocks, while foreigners pulled $700 million from the debt market.

The rupee has hit a series of record lows this month, prompting central bank intervention, although it has been one of the least volatile major Asian currencies, holding to a narrow range of 83.79-84.09 per dollar.

India's foreign exchange reserves INFXR=ECI dropped for a third week to $688.27 billion as of Oct. 18, their lowest in more than a month, the latest RBI data showed, although they remain the world's fourth-largest, sufficient to cover its entire level of external debt and nearly a year of imports.

The RBI is also closely monitoring the prospects for new tariffs that the next U.S. administration might impose on imported goods, as this could fuel a fresh round of U.S. inflation that indirectly affects emerging market economies, the second source said.

"If there's imported inflation pressures, then monetary policy will remain in a restrictive mode for longer," the source added.

India's retail inflation accelerated in September to its highest in nine months. The RBI has held rates steady for 10 straight meetings but changed its stance to "neutral" from "withdrawal of accommodation" in October. Central bank officials have not committed to or signaled any timing for a rate cut.

The sources said the central bank will be watching how post-election developments play out for China, which is considering more than 10 trillion yuan ($1.4 trillion) in extra debt issuance in the next few years to revive its fragile economy.

China's stimulus efforts, which could intensify if U.S. tariffs further hurt its economy, have been a factor driving foreign funds out of India and other emerging markets into China.

"At the current time, we are actually bleeding to China, all EMs are losing money to China, so if Trump wins, a new source of spillover will be created," the second source said.

### DATE: 
2024-11-04

### Summary: 
A sign for the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) sign is displayed inside central bank's headquarters in Mumbai, India.
The Reserve Bank of India would be able to tap its large foreign exchange reserves to defend the domestic currency in the event of global market volatility and an outflow of foreign funds, the sources said.
There has been a record outflow of more than $10 billion in foreign funds from India stocks, while foreigners pulled $700 million from the debt market.
Central bank officials have not committed to or signaled any timing for a rate cut.
China's stimulus efforts, which could intensify if U.S. tariffs further hurt its economy, have been a factor driving foreign funds out of India and other emerging markets into China.

### Keywords: 
volatility
wellequipped
bank
sources
source
inflation
election
trump
foreign
central
rbi
postus
funds
india
reports

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 35


### TITLE: 
CNBC's Inside India newsletter: India's deepening ties with natural gas

### TEXT: 
This aerial photograph shows the two Liquified Natural Gas (LNG) storage tanks at the Dhamra LNG Terminal Private Limited (DLTPL) near Dhamra port in Bhadrak district of India's Odisha state on October 16, 2024. Punit Paranjpe | Afp | Getty Images

This report is from this week's CNBC's "Inside India" newsletter which brings you timely, insightful news and market commentary on the emerging powerhouse and the big businesses behind its meteoric rise. Like what you see? You can subscribe here.

The big story

India is hungry for energy, and it's doing something about it. As the country's population grows — already the world's largest — and becomes wealthier, its energy demand is expected to rise. It's no wonder then that the South Asian nation aims to quadruple its natural gas use from the current level by 2030 to meet that demand and enable GDP growth rates of seven or eight percent annually. However, many readers might ponder why India is buying into an energy source that nearly brought Europe to its knees only a few years ago. The Russian invasion of Ukraine came alongside skyrocketing gas prices across Europe as Moscow turned off the taps and nearly held the continent's economy hostage. The nature of the gas market, then, meant buyers begged, bribed, or bullied sellers into supplying gas to keep their lights on. So why does India want to deepen its ties with such a volatile energy source? It might not have a choice and maintaining the status quo means rising energy security risks as its economy grows. Currently, more than 80% of India's energy needs are met by coal, oil and solid biomass, according to the International Energy Agency. Both coal and oil imports have risen rapidly as the population takes a liking to round-the-clock electricity and car ownership.

Oil accounted for more than 70% of imports in Russia, Iraq and Saudi Arabia — three countries that don't have strong democratic credentials. On the demand side, the Indian government has aggressively pushed policies that favor vehicles powered by compressed natural gas (CNG), a derivative of liquified natural gas (LNG).

A man opens the hood of a Blue Energy 5528 liquefied natural gas (LNG) truck to check the engine at the manufacturing facility in Pune, India, October 11, 2024. Francis Mascarenhas | Reuters

These vehicles have taken off faster than electric vehicles as a good distribution network for the fuel has lowered range anxiety. They're also typically cheaper to run on a per-mile basis. That's allowed sales to rise 33% this year to more than half a million vehicles, with Maruti Suzuki taking the lion's share of the market. Earlier this year, the government also unveiled plans to have a third of heavy-duty trucks in the country run on LNG instead of diesel, which currently makes up the bulk of refined fuel, over the next five to seven years. Aside from transport, LNG use has grown thanks to government policy encouraging natural gas for domestic cooking. Piped connections have grown 250% to 11.9 million over the seven years ending November 2023, according to the Institute for Energy Economics and Financial Analysis. Meanwhile, the number of households that could receive piped natural gas is more than 300 million. India also appears to be happy to import LNG, even from unsavory partners, if it helps balance risks in other parts of its economy. For instance, natural gas is a crucial ingredient for making fertilizers, and manufacturing it domestically helps increase food security. Rystad Energy, a consultancy, has forecasted that the demand for natural gas will likely double by 2040. The research firm also expects India to be unable to meet its demand entirely through domestic sources and will have to rely "heavily" on imports to meet its needs.

As imports rise, this will likely benefit companies that are government-owned entities such as Petronet, which owns two LNG import terminals in the country, and gas distributor GAIL. Investment banks like Citi and JPMorgan and local brokers say a steady rise in volume growth without making gas more expensive for consumers will benefit both stocks. Indraprastha Gas (IGL), Mahanagar Gas (MGL) and Gujarat Gas are other distribution companies set to reap from the growing trend. "We prefer PLNG to GAIL on a) lower valuations and b) the volatility in GAIL's gas trading segment," said JPMorgan analysts in a note to clients in June. Meanwhile, Citi analysts in August said, "We continue with our preference for GAIL, MGL, and IGL among the gas stocks."

Need to know

Canada alleges Indian involvement in Sikh separatists plot. The Canadian government alleged this week that Indian Minister of Home Affairs Amit Shah is behind plots targeting Sikh separatists in Canada. The allegation was revealed by Canadian Deputy Foreign Affairs Minister David Morrison, who told a parliamentary panel he had confirmed to a U.S.-based newspaper that it was Shah who is the accused behind the plots. India has previously dismissed the claims as baseless. India is confident it can hit its 7% growth target for its 2025 financial year. The country's Secretary of the Department of Economic Affairs Ajay Seth said on Tuesday the goal is "very much doable." Seth is also optimistic about India's growth rate for its third and fourth quarters despite slower capital expenditure in some states. India's fiscal year runs from April 1 to March 31 the following year. The Reserve Bank of India lowered its forecast for India's second-quarter growth. Previous estimates by the RBI put GDP growth during India's fiscal second-quarter — which is from July to September — at 7.2%. However, the RBI reduced its forecast to 6.8%, attributing it to weakness in areas like Nifty earnings forecasts and goods and service tax collections.

What happened in the markets?

Indian stocks are struggling to maintain momentum. The Nifty 50 index has essentially traded flat this week. The index has risen 11.4% this year. Similarly, the benchmark 10-year Indian government bond yield has been muted this week trading 3 or 4 basis points around 6.83%.

Stock Chart Icon Stock chart icon

On CNBC TV this week, Aravind Maiya, CEO of Embassy REITs, observed that there are more companies setting up their global capabilities centers in India. Of the Fortune 500 companies, 23% have a GCC in India, said Maiya, and that proportion is expected to go up to 43% in the next five-to-six years. Crucially, those centers are now so-called "transformation hubs" engaging in cutting-edge work, rather than the support centers they were in the past. Meanwhile, Landsberg Bennett Private Wealth Management's Chief Investment Officer Michael Landsberg said investors should diversify their portfolios outside the U.S. for growth. Specifically, Landsberg likes India, because the country's growth is two-to-three times higher than that of the U.S.

What's happening next week?

### DATE: 
2024-10-31

### Summary: 
Currently, more than 80% of India's energy needs are met by coal, oil and solid biomass, according to the International Energy Agency.
On the demand side, the Indian government has aggressively pushed policies that favor vehicles powered by compressed natural gas (CNG), a derivative of liquified natural gas (LNG).
Meanwhile, the number of households that could receive piped natural gas is more than 300 million.
For instance, natural gas is a crucial ingredient for making fertilizers, and manufacturing it domestically helps increase food security.
Seth is also optimistic about India's growth rate for its third and fourth quarters despite slower capital expenditure in some states.

### Keywords: 
inside
natural
energy
ties
lng
gas
deepening
growth
week
cnbcs
rise
demand
newsletter
india
indias

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 36


### TITLE: 
As Diwali begins, these 4 Indian stocks are set to rise over 30%, analysts say

### TEXT: 
Interest in India has been picking up steadily among investors, thanks to its growing economy , strong stock market performance and burgeoning population . As the Diwali festive season gets underway in the South Asian powerhouse, several sectors — and stocks — are expected to do well, according to analysts at equity research firm Kotak Securities and asset management house Mirae Asset. Samvat 2081 — which starts on the day of Diwali on Oct. 31 — marks the start of the Hindu new year. Some investors view it as a new beginning for markets. The new year is commencing with most sectors — and stocks — being overvalued, according to Kotak's analysts. The rich market valuations, they added, make any market correction an opportunity to scoop up quality stocks with attractive valuations for the long term. Their comments come as Indian markets made history in Samvat 2080 — or last year — with the BSE Sensex surpassing 85,900 points in September while the benchmark Nifty 50 index crossed 26,250. Year-to-date, The BSE Sensex index — which represents 30 of the country's largest and most traded firms on the Bombay Stock Exchange — is up around 10.9% as of Oct. 30, while the benchmark Nifty 50 index is around 12.2% higher. Here are four buy-rated Indian stocks with over 30% potential upside that analysts are betting on this Diwali. Fiem Industries Fiem Industries is among Kotak Securities' top picks thanks to its debt-free balance sheet and robust cash flows. The manufacturer of automotive lighting and rear-view mirrors caters primarily to two-wheelers and has been "outperforming," the industry, the analysts wrote in its initiation report on Sept. 3. They added that "Fiem is well-placed to benefit from [a] two-wheeler industry recovery," which has picked up in the festive period, following sluggish sales between July and September. The company's growth is also supported by rising adoption of LED lighting in automotives, Kotak noted. Going forward, the analysts have penciled a 15% CAGR (compound average growth rate) for Fiem's revenue between full-year 2024 and full-year 2027, and 19% CAGR for its earnings. Shares of Fiem trade on India's National Stock Exchange (NSE) and Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) and are up nearly 45% year-to-date. Kotak has a 12-month target price of 2,140 Indian rupees ($25.45) on the stock, implying around 40.8% potential upside. Gravita India Material recycling company Gravita India was another stock on Kotak's list. The research house likes that Gravita's pan-India presence across 22 states "provides sourcing benefits and fungibility." Other factors in its favor include regulatory tailwinds promoting recycling and the formalization of reverse charge mechanism on metal scrap, Kotak's analysts wrote in a Sept. 30 note. Looking ahead, they expect Gravita's earnings per share to grow 31.8% in full-year 2025 and 35.8% in 2026. The stock, which is up around 85.1% year-to-date, trades on India's NSE and BSE. It is also included in the iShares MSCI India Small Cap ETF (0.1% weighting). Kotak has a 12-month target price of 2,800 Indian rupees on the stock, implying a 38.2% potential upside. S H Kelkar and Company Also on Kotak's list is fragrance and flavors supplier S H Kelkar and Company . The research house describes the company as an "emerging player" that is "well-placed to drive double-digit revenue growth." "SHK['s] tiny relative to global majors, but its technical capabilities are reputable," Kotak's analysts wrote in their Sept. 30 re-initiation report. They pointed out SHK's "reputable" technical skills and the inroads in global markets as other merits. "We see a long runway for growth, given its established and sticky relationships," the analysts added. Shares of SHK are listed on India's NSE and BSE and are up 103.3% this year. Kotak has a 12-month target price of 400 Indian rupees on the stock, or close to 35% potential upside. Gabriel India Meanwhile, asset manager Mirae Asset is betting on Gabriel India , an automotive parts manufacturer. The company — which is owned by automotive manufacturer Anand Group — is a market leader in the manufacture of ride control products such as suspension systems and shock absorbers. Mirae likes Gabriel's steady revenue visibility and "increasing content per vehicle" in the shock absorber segment driven by its launch of new products. Another plus is that it is a "key beneficiary of increasing sunroof penetration in India led by premiumization trend and import substitute," the analysts added in a recent note on its Diwali picks. Shares of Gabriel India are listed on India's NSE and BSE and are up 13.4% this year. According to FactSet data, all eight analysts covering the stock have a "buy" rating at an average target price of 581.25 Indian rupees. This gives it 30.1% potential upside.

### DATE: 
2024-10-31

### Summary: 
The new year is commencing with most sectors — and stocks — being overvalued, according to Kotak's analysts.
Here are four buy-rated Indian stocks with over 30% potential upside that analysts are betting on this Diwali.
Kotak has a 12-month target price of 2,140 Indian rupees ($25.45) on the stock, implying around 40.8% potential upside.
Other factors in its favor include regulatory tailwinds promoting recycling and the formalization of reverse charge mechanism on metal scrap, Kotak's analysts wrote in a Sept. 30 note.
"SHK['s] tiny relative to global majors, but its technical capabilities are reputable," Kotak's analysts wrote in their Sept. 30 re-initiation report.

### Keywords: 
indian
india
set
stocks
kotaks
30
company
analysts
upside
begins
rise
diwali
potential
kotak
say
stock
bse

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 37


### TITLE: 
Gold at record high as global political uncertainty boosts safe-haven demand

### TEXT: 
A gold ingot and gold coins are seen in this illustration picture taken November 17, 2017.

Gold prices rose to a record high on Wednesday as uncertainty over the U.S. presidential election boosted safe-haven demand, with traders also awaiting economic data for cues on the Federal Reserve's policy path.

Spot gold rose 0.5% to $2,788.89 per ounce after reaching an all-time high of $2,789.73 earlier in the session. U.S. gold futures gained 0.7% to $2,799.90.

"We have elections coming up, the political climate here is just very uncertain, the Fed is cutting interest rates, prospects of Russia, Ukraine," said Daniel Pavilonis, senior market strategist at RJO Futures.

"There's just so much out there to push gold higher, and all the negative news out there is what gold is really looking for. The next step higher is probably $2,850," Pavilonis said.

The U.S. Presidential election season is reaching its climax on Nov. 5, with tight polling between Republican former President Donald Trump and Democratic Vice President Kamala Harris.

Gold, traditionally a hedge during geopolitical instability, has surged 35% this year, on course for its best annual performance since 1979. Low interest rates have further supported the rally.

Gold may reach $3,000 by 2025 amid emerging market concerns, gold ETF inflows, and post-election market adjustments, said Dominik Sperzel, head of trading at Heraeus Metals Germany.

Meanwhile, data showed U.S. private payrolls growth surged by a higher-than-expected 233,000 jobs in October, despite fears of temporary disruptions from hurricanes and strikes. The U.S. gross domestic product increased at a 2.8% annualized rate.

Fed policymakers are expected to cut rates by a quarter-point next week. Markets are also focused on U.S. Personal Consumption Expenditures and payrolls data, due Thursday and Friday.

Palladium dropped over 5% to $1,148.75 per ounce after reaching a 10-month high on Tuesday.

The short-covering rally triggered by news on potential Russian sanctions has run its course, Saxo Bank's Ole Hansen said.

Spot silver lost 2.1% to $33.71 per ounce, and platinum slid 2.8% to $1,014.62.

### DATE: 
2024-10-30

### Summary: 
A gold ingot and gold coins are seen in this illustration picture taken November 17, 2017.
Gold prices rose to a record high on Wednesday as uncertainty over the U.S. presidential election boosted safe-haven demand, with traders also awaiting economic data for cues on the Federal Reserve's policy path.
Spot gold rose 0.5% to $2,788.89 per ounce after reaching an all-time high of $2,789.73 earlier in the session.
Gold may reach $3,000 by 2025 amid emerging market concerns, gold ETF inflows, and post-election market adjustments, said Dominik Sperzel, head of trading at Heraeus Metals Germany.
Palladium dropped over 5% to $1,148.75 per ounce after reaching a 10-month high on Tuesday.

### Keywords: 
political
boosts
safehaven
high
record
gold
global
market
rates
presidential
data
surged
reaching
demand
uncertainty
ounce
rose

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 38


### TITLE: 
The UAE has all the growth that India has, without the 'crazy valuations': Portfolio Manager

### TEXT: 
Share Share Article via Facebook Share Article via Twitter Share Article via LinkedIn Share Article via Email

The UAE has all the growth that India has, without the 'crazy valuations': Portfolio Manager

Kamil Dimmich of North of South Capital discusses why the UAE markets are his favorite from an investment standpoint.

### DATE: 
2024-10-30

### Summary: 
Share Share Article via Facebook Share Article via Twitter Share Article via LinkedIn Share Article via EmailThe UAE has all the growth that India has, without the 'crazy valuations': Portfolio ManagerKamil Dimmich of North of South Capital discusses why the UAE markets are his favorite from an investment standpoint.

### Keywords: 
share
valuations
article
twitter
growth
standpoint
manager
uae
south
north
markets
crazy
portfolio
india

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 39


### TITLE: 
The stock market is about to do something extremely rare in its history

### TEXT: 
The S & P 500 is on pace to deliver a second straight year of gains above 20%. Historical data shows how uncommon that really is. After last week's postelection rally, the S & P 500 is now up by about 26% on the year. That comes after the broad index climbed more than 24% in 2023. If the S & P 500 once again ends the year above 20%, that would mark only the third time there have been back-to-back gains of that size in the past century, according to Deutsche Bank. The latest leg up comes as stocks have entered what Parag Thatte, a Deutsche Bank strategist, called a sharp rally following the presidential election victory by Donald Trump. "Rallies following close elections have been the historical norm as we have previously noted," he told clients in a report Friday. "But the current one is clearly faster than prior ones." .SPX YTD mountain S & P 500, year to date Thatte called the market advance "exceptional," even before last week's surge to all-time highs. The S & P 500 is still within its uptrend channel seen over the past two years, but is now near the top of that, he said. A Deutsche Bank measure of equity positioning never fell to underweight before Election Day, as has been typical in recent cycles, Thatte said. Still, there was the usual postelection rally, with equity funds seeing an estimated $24 billion in total inflows Wednesday and Thursday. Last week's rally was driven in part by a "collapse" in equity volatility premiums that only got stronger heading into the election. That's a usual occurrence when looking at past cycles, he said. "The S & P 500 option [volatility] curve which had priced next day vol at over 35% on election day is now pricing it in the single digits. The VIX and vol premium embedded in it have collapsed as well," the strategist wrote. Historical data also shows reason to believe more upside could be on the horizon. Wall Street investment bank Oppenheimer looked at the 11 years in which the S & P 500 jumped more than 20% over the first 217 trading days. In those years, the smallest additional gain from that point through the end of the year was 0.5%. That means that, if history repeats itself, the S & P 500 should end 2024 above 6,000. What's more, Oppenheimer found that gain matching the median advance in those 11 years would push the S & P 500 to finish higher than 6,200.

### DATE: 
2024-11-11

### Summary: 
The S & P 500 is on pace to deliver a second straight year of gains above 20%.
After last week's postelection rally, the S & P 500 is now up by about 26% on the year.
.SPX YTD mountain S & P 500, year to date Thatte called the market advance "exceptional," even before last week's surge to all-time highs.
That means that, if history repeats itself, the S & P 500 should end 2024 above 6,000.
What's more, Oppenheimer found that gain matching the median advance in those 11 years would push the S & P 500 to finish higher than 6,200.

### Keywords: 
extremely
bank
history
market
s
rally
election
thatte
past
weeks
p
rare
historical
500
stock

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 40


### TITLE: 
I'm a longevity researcher and doctor of functional medicine: Here’s what I do every day for a long, healthy life

### TEXT: 
This interview has been edited and condensed for clarity.

These are his daily practices for a long, healthy life.

When it comes to longevity, "almost everything I recommend to my patients, I do myself," Lipman tells CNBC Make It.

Lipman is an author of seven books, including " The New Rules of Aging Well, " which he co-authored with Danielle Claro.

Dr. Frank Lipman has over 35 years of experience in functional medicine and throughout his career, he has always considered researching longevity as an extension of his work.

CNBC Make It: What are some of the things you do to keep your body healthy?

I exercise, that includes strength training a few times a week, aerobic and intermittent high-intensity intervals a few times a week.

I walk. I move as much as I can. I tend to go to sleep at the same time every night. I do some sort of meditation practice. [I] try to do it daily.

What else do I do? And I take a sh-tload of supplements [including vitamin D and fish oil]. I do hormone replacement.

I do many things to optimize my health, [I'm] very proactive about my health. Almost everything I recommend to my patients, I do myself.

There is a lot conversation that focuses on brain health. Are there any things you do specifically to keep your brain healthy?

I've had my brain mapped. And at least five or six times a week, I [use] a red light helmet at home. I put that on for at least 15 minutes to treat whatever we found on brain mapping.

You can actually measure under active and over active areas in the brain and then target those areas with specific red light frequencies. So that's what I do.

Apart from exercising, and trying to deal with my stress and sleep, I use a red light helmet.

Having really important connections in your life is something that we hear when we talk about longevity. What's your social fitness like?

My social fitness is very good. I'm quite obsessed with spending as much time as I can with my grandson.

When he gets older, he's probably not going to want to spend as much time, so I'm taking advantage. He's soon to be five, but he's still at an age where he wants to be around his grandparents.

We spend a lot of family time, and then we spend time with friends as well.

What are some of the foods you really aim to get into your diet, either every day or every week?

I tend to eat a low sugar, low carbohydrate, high protein diet. I'm a little bit obsessed with getting enough protein in my diet, so that's my focus. That can be eggs, red meat, chicken, fish.

Then I eat a lot of green leafy vegetables, non-starchy vegetables. I love fruit, but I try not to eat too much of it. But I'll eat berries.

So, I would say my diet is full of protein, fatty fish, non-starchy vegetables and berries. It's a Mediterranean diet without any bread or pasta.

I usually do time-restricted eating, so I usually don't eat for a 16-hour period. I eat all of my food in an eight-hour period.

What are you reading right now?

Lately, [I've been] digging deeper into rapamycin. That's what I've been reading. Just exploring rapamycin.

### DATE: 
2024-11-10

### Summary: 
When it comes to longevity, "almost everything I recommend to my patients, I do myself," Lipman tells CNBC Make It.
I exercise, that includes strength training a few times a week, aerobic and intermittent high-intensity intervals a few times a week.
When he gets older, he's probably not going to want to spend as much time, so I'm taking advantage.
What are some of the foods you really aim to get into your diet, either every day or every week?
I'm a little bit obsessed with getting enough protein in my diet, so that's my focus.

### Keywords: 
im
thats
life
things
times
healthy
diet
red
medicine
long
researcher
doctor
eat
brain
functional
vegetables
heres
spend
longevity

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 41


### TITLE: 
Oil giant Shell wins appeal against landmark Dutch climate ruling to slash emissions

### TEXT: 
Oil storage silos beyond waterlogged land at the Shell Plc Pernis refinery in Rotterdam, Netherlands, on Sunday, Feb. 11, 2024.

A Dutch court on Tuesday dismissed a landmark climate ruling against Shell , after the oil giant was ordered to drastically reduce its global carbon emissions back in 2021.

The outcome, which comes during the opening days of the COP29 climate summit in Azerbaijan, marks the latest twist in a precedent-setting case that could have far-reaching implications for the future of climate litigation.

The appeals court in The Hague said that while Shell is required to reduce its carbon emissions, it could not determine the extent of these cuts. The case against Shell, therefore, was dismissed entirely.

In May 2021, The Hague district court ruled that Shell must reduce its greenhouse gas emissions by 45% from 2019 levels by 2030.

The verdict, which came when Shell had its headquarters in The Hague, also said the company was responsible for all emissions across its value chain, including those from the products they sell — known as Scope 3 emissions.

It was the first time in history that a company was found to have been legally obliged to align its policies with the Paris Agreement, a framework which seeks to avoid the worst of what the climate crisis has in store by limiting the average global temperature increase to between 1.5 and 2 degrees Celsius.

The ruling was regarded as a watershed moment in the climate battle and sparked a wave of lawsuits against other fossil fuel companies.

### DATE: 
2024-11-12

### Summary: 
Oil storage silos beyond waterlogged land at the Shell Plc Pernis refinery in Rotterdam, Netherlands, on Sunday, Feb. 11, 2024.
A Dutch court on Tuesday dismissed a landmark climate ruling against Shell , after the oil giant was ordered to drastically reduce its global carbon emissions back in 2021.
The appeals court in The Hague said that while Shell is required to reduce its carbon emissions, it could not determine the extent of these cuts.
In May 2021, The Hague district court ruled that Shell must reduce its greenhouse gas emissions by 45% from 2019 levels by 2030.
The ruling was regarded as a watershed moment in the climate battle and sparked a wave of lawsuits against other fossil fuel companies.

### Keywords: 
hague
dismissed
global
landmark
dutch
wins
oil
ruling
slash
court
emissions
reduce
climate
shell
giant

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 42


### TITLE: 
To influence people, make 3 simple changes to how you talk, says executive coach: Success 'depends on your ability to persuade'

### TEXT: 
Why do decision-makers at work really choose one person for a role over another? What actually makes them trust someone's judgment? How do they decide in practice who to tap for important opportunities?

For the last 12 years, I've coached top performers at some of the world's largest and most competitive Fortune 500 companies. As a result, I've been a trusted advisor to executives, C-suite leaders, and hiring managers who've confided in me their answers to all these questions.

Over time I've seen that technical expertise gets you far, but your ability to communicate persuasively determines whether your opinion is actively sought out or you have to fight to get your voice heard.

I've watched this play out across different industries and ranks. The ability to influence others can set you up for success. And vice versa. Take the smart subject matter expert who can't translate their work into the language of decision-makers, for example, or the skilled but inarticulate manager who gets passed over for promotion.

Your impact and advancement at work depends on your ability to persuade others.

DON'T MISS: The ultimate guide to negotiating a higher salary

Becoming persuasive doesn't mean resorting to manipulation, mind games, or politicking. In fact, the most powerful communicators I've worked with are thoughtful professionals who've learned to leverage their perceptiveness strategically. They understand psychology: how people think, what drives their choices, and how to present ideas to get seen, heard, and paid.

The good news is that persuasive communication is a learnable skill. Here are my three favorite strategies to get started. Pick one to try today, and watch how differently people respond to your contributions.

### DATE: 
2024-11-10

### Summary: 
Why do decision-makers at work really choose one person for a role over another?
For the last 12 years, I've coached top performers at some of the world's largest and most competitive Fortune 500 companies.
The ability to influence others can set you up for success.
Your impact and advancement at work depends on your ability to persuade others.
In fact, the most powerful communicators I've worked with are thoughtful professionals who've learned to leverage their perceptiveness strategically.

### Keywords: 
talk
seen
ive
coach
executive
worlds
work
gets
depends
whove
decisionmakers
persuasive
ability
influence
worked
persuade
success
changes
simple

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 43


### TITLE: 
Bitcoin is closing in on $90,000 for the first time ever

### TEXT: 
In this article COIN

BTC.CM= Follow your favorite stocks CREATE FREE ACCOUNT

Dado Ruvic | Reuters

Bitcoin was trading just shy of $90,000 Monday night after breaching $80,000 just a day earlier. The flagship cryptocurrency was last higher by 12% at $89,100, according to Coin Metrics. Earlier Monday, it rose as high as $89,623.00. Its price is expected by many investors to continue making fresh records on its way up to $100,000 later this year. "Bitcoin is now in price discovery mode after breaking through all-time highs early last Wednesday morning when it was officially declared that Trump won the election," said Mike Colonnese, an analyst at H.C. Wainwright. "Strong positive sentiment is likely to persist through the balance of 2024 and [we] see bitcoin prices potentially reaching the six-figure mark by the end of this year."

Stock Chart Icon Stock chart icon Bitcoin is closing in on the $90,000 for the first time ever

Crypto investors have been cheering President-elect Donald Trump's promises to make the regulatory environment more supportive and even friendly toward crypto businesses, which have long struggled with a lack of clarity of the rules of the road. While bitcoin has long been deemed a safe asset in Washington – that is, not subject to securities laws – the long tail of cryptocurrencies and crypto-related startups have been operating in a risky grey area. "That's just shifted 180 degrees," Matt Hougan, chief investment officer of Bitwise Asset Management, told CNBC. "We're now in a positive regulatory environment, we now have tailwinds from that, and that comes in the case of a market that was already in a bull market … that's going to push us higher."

watch now

### DATE: 
2024-11-11

### Summary: 
In this article COINBTC.CM= Follow your favorite stocks CREATE FREE ACCOUNTDado Ruvic | ReutersBitcoin was trading just shy of $90,000 Monday night after breaching $80,000 just a day earlier.
Its price is expected by many investors to continue making fresh records on its way up to $100,000 later this year.
"Strong positive sentiment is likely to persist through the balance of 2024 and [we] see bitcoin prices potentially reaching the six-figure mark by the end of this year."
Stock Chart Icon Stock chart icon Bitcoin is closing in on the $90,000 for the first time everCrypto investors have been cheering President-elect Donald Trump's promises to make the regulatory environment more supportive and even friendly toward crypto businesses, which have long struggled with a lack of clarity of the rules of the road.
"We're now in a positive regulatory environment, we now have tailwinds from that, and that comes in the case of a market that was already in a bull market … that's going to push us higher."

### Keywords: 
positive
closing
long
icon
environment
market
90000
thats
bitcoin
investors
price
regulatory

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 44


### TITLE: 
Renting a car abroad? These are the countries that intimidate drivers the most

### TEXT: 
Driving in a foreign country can be pleasant or harrowing — ranging from a bucolic slow-roll through the countryside to a heart-pumping slog through a maze of city streets.

But some countries make motorists more nervous than others.

A survey published in October shows drivers are most concerned about getting behind the wheel in India. With a score of 7.15 out of 10, India had the average highest score out of 49 countries in the survey.

A score of "1" indicated no nervousness at all, while a "10" represented being "extremely nervous," according to the survey, which polled 2,000 drivers from 10 countries — the United Kingdom, United States, Canada, Australia, New Zealand, South Africa, Germany, France, Italy and Spain.

India is known for "unpredictable traffic conditions, with everything from cars and motorcycles to rickshaws and even livestock sharing the roads," according to the survey commissioned by U.K.-based car company Scrap Car Comparison and performed by Prolific.

The metro areas of three Indian cities — Bengaluru, Mumbai and Pune — rank in the top 10 on the TomTom Traffic Index for 2023, which analyzes congestion levels and rush hour speeds in cities around the world.

The survey is not based on statistical information, such as roadway safety or fatalities, but perceptions of drivability among non-locals.

The top 10 list is a mix of countries across Asia, Africa and South America. Notably, none of the respondents hail from Asia or South America.

### DATE: 
2024-10-29

### Summary: 
But some countries make motorists more nervous than others.
A survey published in October shows drivers are most concerned about getting behind the wheel in India.
With a score of 7.15 out of 10, India had the average highest score out of 49 countries in the survey.
The survey is not based on statistical information, such as roadway safety or fatalities, but perceptions of drivability among non-locals.
The top 10 list is a mix of countries across Asia, Africa and South America.

### Keywords: 
renting
countries
nervous
score
abroad
traffic
drivers
survey
cities
south
united
intimidate
india
car

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 45


### TITLE: 
JSW Steel: China's stimulus can boost global steel market

### TEXT: 
Share Share Article via Facebook Share Article via Twitter Share Article via LinkedIn Share Article via Email

JSW Steel: China's stimulus can boost global steel market

Jayant Acharya from JSW Steel discusses their earnings for the second quarter, attributing recent poor performance to weak demand. He awaits the impact of the Chinese stimulus on the global steel market, expecting to see some normalisation ahead.

### DATE: 
2024-10-29

### Summary: 
Share Share Article via Facebook Share Article via Twitter Share Article via LinkedIn Share Article via EmailJSW Steel: China's stimulus can boost global steel marketJayant Acharya from JSW Steel discusses their earnings for the second quarter, attributing recent poor performance to weak demand.
He awaits the impact of the Chinese stimulus on the global steel market, expecting to see some normalisation ahead.

### Keywords: 
share
article
global
market
recent
twitter
jsw
quarter
boost
second
steel
weak
stimulus
chinas

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 46


### TITLE: 
Diversify portfolios outside of the U.S. to take advantage of strong growth, says Michael Landsberg

### TEXT: 
Share Share Article via Facebook Share Article via Twitter Share Article via LinkedIn Share Article via Email

Diversify portfolios outside of the U.S. to take advantage of strong growth, says Michael Landsberg

Michael Landsberg, Landsberg Bennett Private Wealth Management, joins 'The Exchange' to discuss investment opportunities abroad, why investors should trust there's room for growth in India and Japan, and much more.

### DATE: 
2024-10-25

### Summary: 
Share Share Article via Facebook Share Article via Twitter Share Article via LinkedIn Share Article via EmailDiversify portfolios outside of the U.S. to take advantage of strong growth, says Michael LandsbergMichael Landsberg, Landsberg Bennett Private Wealth Management, joins 'The Exchange' to discuss investment opportunities abroad, why investors should trust there's room for growth in India and Japan, and much more.

### Keywords: 
outside
michael
share
article
wealth
landsberg
twitter
growth
trust
diversify
strong
portfolios
advantage
room
theres

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 47


### TITLE: 
Foreign firms setting up offices in India is the key driver for demand: Embassy REIT

### TEXT: 
Share Share Article via Facebook Share Article via Twitter Share Article via LinkedIn Share Article via Email

Foreign firms setting up offices in India is the key driver for demand: Embassy REIT

Aravind Maiya of Embassy REIT says the company is on track for a record year in terms of absorption rates in the commercial real estate market with many companies looking to establish their Global Capability Centers in India.

### DATE: 
2024-10-25

### Summary: 
Share Share Article via Facebook Share Article via Twitter Share Article via LinkedIn Share Article via EmailForeign firms setting up offices in India is the key driver for demand: Embassy REITAravind Maiya of Embassy REIT says the company is on track for a record year in terms of absorption rates in the commercial real estate market with many companies looking to establish their Global Capability Centers in India.

### Keywords: 
share
key
article
terms
twitter
firms
driver
embassy
track
setting
reit
foreign
reitaravind
offices
demand
india

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 48


### TITLE: 
India is more of a trading market than a long-term investment story: CIO

### TEXT: 
Share Share Article via Facebook Share Article via Twitter Share Article via LinkedIn Share Article via Email

India is more of a trading market than a long-term investment story: CIO

Mark Tinker of Toscafund Hong Kong says that there has been a dislocation between the market and economy in both India and China, and that investors looking at India should expect volatility to continue.

### DATE: 
2024-10-25

### Summary: 
Share Share Article via Facebook Share Article via Twitter Share Article via LinkedIn Share Article via EmailIndia is more of a trading market than a long-term investment story: CIOMark Tinker of Toscafund Hong Kong says that there has been a dislocation between the market and economy in both India and China, and that investors looking at India should expect volatility to continue.

### Keywords: 
share
article
volatility
looking
trading
market
twitter
tinker
longterm
investment
toscafund
india
cio

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 49


### TITLE: 
SOEs and commodity plays are some of the selected opportunities we see in China: Portfolio Manager

### TEXT: 
Share Share Article via Facebook Share Article via Twitter Share Article via LinkedIn Share Article via Email

SOEs and commodity plays are some of the selected opportunities we see in China: Portfolio Manager

Brian Kersmanc from GQG Partners shares that he likes domestic-focused EM markets, such as Brazil and India and underweights China as it works its way through the economic downturn.

### DATE: 
2024-10-25

### Summary: 
Share Share Article via Facebook Share Article via Twitter Share Article via LinkedIn Share Article via EmailSOEs and commodity plays are some of the selected opportunities we see in China: Portfolio ManagerBrian Kersmanc from GQG Partners shares that he likes domestic-focused EM markets, such as Brazil and India and underweights China as it works its way through the economic downturn.

### Keywords: 
share
article
opportunities
shares
soes
underweights
twitter
commodity
way
manager
works
plays
portfolio
selected
china

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 50


### TITLE: 
CNBC's Inside India newsletter: Why did India's biggest market listing this year falter on its debut?

### TEXT: 
MUMBAI, MAHARASHTRA, INDIA - 2024/10/21: Hyundai logo is seen on the Hyundai car showroom in Mumbai. Hyundai Initial Public Offer (IPO) will be listed on the stock exchange on 22nd October 2024. (Photo by Ashish Vaishnav/SOPA Images/LightRocket via Getty Images)

This report is from this week's CNBC's "Inside India" newsletter which brings you timely, insightful news and market commentary on the emerging powerhouse and the big businesses behind its meteoric rise. Like what you see? You can subscribe here.

Hyundai became India's second-largest automaker by demonstrating that it understands the market by tailoring its globally popular and technologically advanced cars not only to Indian consumers' tastes but also to its roads.

The Korean car giant, the world's third-largest passenger vehicle maker by volume, set up shop in India in 1996, soon after the country's reforms to liberalize its socialist economy. Fast forward 28 years, and the company appears to have bagged its biggest payday yet by raising $3.3 billion from the stock market by offloading a 17.5% stake.

The stock has pared back losses since, but is still 5% below its initial public offering price.

Shares of carmaker Hyundai 's Indian subsidiary started trading this week with much anticipation, only to drop by some 7% on its debut.

Despite such success, it appears as if the stock market has given Hyundai the cold shoulder this week.

Shares have fallen across the board with the Nifty 50 index declining by about 5% over the past month. However, investors have pointed to several elements of the listing that might have also contributed to the immediate downturn.

First, the money raised by the stock market listing is being fed back to Hyundai's Korean parent. In a typical IPO, however, money raised is used to invest in growth or pay down debt. Investors have balked at the idea that the Indian subsidiary won't necessarily benefit from the cash raised on the stock market, nor has the Korean parent made it clear how it intends to use the proceeds of the share sale.

Second, it appears as if Hyundai doesn't have an immediate need for the raised capital, and it's merely being opportunistic by taking advantage of what some have called "frothy" markets in India.

"It's not that the company needed money, so it's really the parent trying to take advantage of the valuation," said Gaurav Narain, principal advisor at the India Capital Growth Fund , which is listed on the London Stock Exchange. The ICG fund primarily invests in Indian small and mid-cap stocks and did not participate in the IPO.

Kunjal Gala, head of global emerging markets and lead portfolio manager of the $3.3 billion Federated Hermes Global Emerging Markets Equity Fund, speculated the decision to list the Indian subsidiary could have been born out of a need for "a better valuation for their parent company in Korea."

Gala's fund holds stakes in other automakers such as Maruti Suzuki , India's largest automaker, and China's BYD . "So, this is one way of financially engineering a better valuation, right?"

With the listing, the Indian subsidiary now commands nearly half the market capitalization of its Korean parent.

Hyundai has also appeared to make up for any loss of future income from its share sale by hiking the royalty fees it charges its Indian subsidiary. Royalty fees were, until June, negotiated between the Indian entity and the Korean parent on a per-model basis. However, the Indian subsidiary must now pay a flat 3.5% of total revenue going forward.

Equity analysts at financial services company Emkay initiated stock coverage with a "sell" rating, citing reduced earnings potential thanks to the higher royalty payment, saying, "higher royalty, and lower treasury income are likely to restrict [earnings per share] growth."

If that wasn't sufficient, a number of investors and analysts suggest Hyundai priced the stock with minimal upside for a blockbuster IPO listing, a big turn-off for most retail investors. "What the retail investor wants is a big discount," Narain added.

Others have, however, argued that investors sitting on the sidelines of one of India's premier automakers are losing out on long-term gains.

"We believe [Hyundai Motor India] is a good proxy to play the rising premiumisation trend in the Indian car industry," said Nomura's analyst Kapil Singh in a note to clients on Oct. 22.

"More importantly, customers are increasingly becoming aspirational and willing to pay more for attractive designs and high-tech features." Singh expects the stock to rise by about 32% from Thursday's close to 2,472 Indian rupees ($29.40).

Analysts at Macquarie also agree that Hyundai is best placed to capture the changing face of India's middle class and rich.

The investment bank also suggested that Hyundai India, thanks to its parent's expertise and success in developing state-of-the-art hybrid and electric vehicles for Korean and Western markets, will be best placed to offer Indian consumers a superior product compared to its competitors when the time is right for the EV transition in India.

"We believe its strong parent [company] prepares it well to address India's evolving powertrain mix better than domestic peers," said Macquarie's analysts Ashish Jain and Pratik, who initiated coverage of the stock with an "Outperform" rating and a price target of 2,235 rupees, pointing to about 20% upside.

### DATE: 
2024-10-24

### Summary: 
Fast forward 28 years, and the company appears to have bagged its biggest payday yet by raising $3.3 billion from the stock market by offloading a 17.5% stake.
Shares of carmaker Hyundai 's Indian subsidiary started trading this week with much anticipation, only to drop by some 7% on its debut.
Despite such success, it appears as if the stock market has given Hyundai the cold shoulder this week.
First, the money raised by the stock market listing is being fed back to Hyundai's Korean parent.
With the listing, the Indian subsidiary now commands nearly half the market capitalization of its Korean parent.

### Keywords: 
inside
falter
indian
market
subsidiary
investors
biggest
hyundai
korean
stock
listing
cnbcs
parent
debut
newsletter
india
indias

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 51


### TITLE: 
Top 10 things to watch in the stock market Thursday, including news on Nvidia, 3 other Club stocks

### TEXT: 
Top 10 things to watch Thursday, Oct. 24 CNBC's Matthew J. Belvedere with the help of Jeff Marks wrote this dispatch. 1. The S & P 500 was trying to break a three-session losing streak. Stocks were given some relief from lower bond yields, which have been recently rising despite the Fed's monetary easing. Bond traders have been pushing yields up, signaling central bankers were too heavy-handed with September's jumbo half-point interest rate cut. 2. Tesla shares were jumping 14.5% and leading the Nasdaq toward a higher open after the EV maker beat on quarterly earnings per share (EPS). While missing on revenue, Elon Musk's prediction of 20% to 30% "vehicle growth" next year sparked investor buying. He cited "lower cost vehicles" and the "advent of autonomy." 3. Club industrial stocks Honeywell and Dover were dropping after issuing quarterly results. Honeywell raised the low-end of full-year earnings guidance but lowered its sale outlook. Dover's guidance was messy due to updates to reflect discontinued operations and divestitures. 4. Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang said that longtime Taiwanese manufacturing partner TSMC helped fix a design flaw that "caused the yield to be low" in its next-gen Blackwell AI chips. The hiccup had hindered production. Holding an AI summit in India, Nvidia said it will supply AI chips to Indian companies. 5. Semiconductor equipment maker Lam Research beat on quarterly earnings and revenue and its stock jumped 5%. The results were in contrast to peer ASML's weakness that brought down the whole sector last week before TSMC's strong results provided a boost. 6. Oppenheimer raised its Salesforce price target to $330 per share from $300 and kept its outperform buy rating. The analysts cited their survey about the technology priorities of 33 Salesforce customers. The results were mixed, they said, but pointed to industry and macro forces that should help Club name Salesforce down the line. 7. Boeing machinists rejected a new labor contract that included wage increases of 35% over four years. The walkout has been going on for more than five weeks and has halted more of Boeing aircraft production. 8. Southwest Airlines and Elliott Investment Management announced a settlement deal to avoid a boardroom battle. In exchange, the activist investor group got more director seats and accelerated the retirement of executive chairman Gary Kelly. The agreement, however, does keep CEO Bob Jordan on the job. Southwest also reported quarterly beats on EPS and revenue. 9. Shares of United Parcel Service soared 8.5% after the company reported third-quarter beats on earnings and revenue. U.S. package delivery revenue topped estimates. International as well as supply chain and freight segments matched expectations. 10. T-Mobile reported third-quarter core adjusted EBITDA of $8.24 billion, which beat estimates. So did EPS and revenue. Total wireless net additions exceeded expectations as well. The company raised postpaid net customer additions guidance for the full year. EBITDA stands for earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization. Sign up for my Top 10 Morning Thoughts on the Market email newsletter for free (See here for a full list of the stocks at Jim Cramer's Charitable Trust.) As a subscriber to the CNBC Investing Club with Jim Cramer, you will receive a trade alert before Jim makes a trade. Jim waits 45 minutes after sending a trade alert before buying or selling a stock in his charitable trust's portfolio. If Jim has talked about a stock on CNBC TV, he waits 72 hours after issuing the trade alert before executing the trade. THE ABOVE INVESTING CLUB INFORMATION IS SUBJECT TO OUR TERMS AND CONDITIONS AND PRIVACY POLICY , TOGETHER WITH OUR DISCLAIMER . NO FIDUCIARY OBLIGATION OR DUTY EXISTS, OR IS CREATED, BY VIRTUE OF YOUR RECEIPT OF ANY INFORMATION PROVIDED IN CONNECTION WITH THE INVESTING CLUB. NO SPECIFIC OUTCOME OR PROFIT IS GUARANTEED.

CEO of Nvidia, Jensen Huang, speaks during the launch of the supercomputer Gefion, where the new AI supercomputer has been established in collaboration with EIFO and NVIDIA at Vilhelm Lauritzen Terminal in Kastrup, Denmark October 23, 2024. Ritzau Scanpix | Mads Claus Rasmussen | Via Reuters

Top 10 things to watch Thursday, Oct. 24

### DATE: 
2024-10-24

### Summary: 
Top 10 things to watch Thursday, Oct. 24 CNBC's Matthew J. Belvedere with the help of Jeff Marks wrote this dispatch.
Tesla shares were jumping 14.5% and leading the Nasdaq toward a higher open after the EV maker beat on quarterly earnings per share (EPS).
Club industrial stocks Honeywell and Dover were dropping after issuing quarterly results.
Semiconductor equipment maker Lam Research beat on quarterly earnings and revenue and its stock jumped 5%.
As a subscriber to the CNBC Investing Club with Jim Cramer, you will receive a trade alert before Jim makes a trade.

### Keywords: 
nvidia
trade
quarterly
club
earnings
stocks
market
watch
revenue
jim
ai
stock
results
things
including

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 52


### TITLE: 
Nvidia doubles down on India with Hindi language model and major partnerships

### TEXT: 
Amid the flurry of partnerships announced on the occasion was a deal between Reliance and Nvidia to build AI infrastructure in India. Huang said that Nvidia is working with companies including Yotta and Tata Communications to also build computing infrastructure. Huang said that by the end of the year, India will have "20 times more compute" than just over a year ago, referring to the country's computing power.

Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang spoke about the firm's tech and efforts in India at its AI Summit in Mumbai — an event that featured Bollywood superstar Akshay Kumar and India's richest person Mukesh Ambani, the chair of Reliance Industries .

Nvidia on Thursday announced a slew of partnerships with major Indian firms and launched a Hindi language model, as the American chip company looks to ramp up business in one of the world's biggest technology markets.

"India used to be a country that produced software. [India] exported software. In the future, India is going to export AI," Huang said.

Nvidia also announced Nemotron-4-Mini-Hindi 4B — a small language model in Hindi, the widest-spoken of India's multitude of languages. Companies running Nvidia hardware can deploy this language model, while Indian IT consultancy Tech Mahindra is using Nvidia's model to launch its own Hindi AI model, Project Indus 2.0.

Small language models are trained on much more compact and specific datasets compared to large language models, such as OpenAI's GPT-4.

Nvidia is also collaborating with other major Indian IT companies like Infosys, Wipro and TCS to train around 500,000 developers in creating and implementing AI agents with its software.

Nvidia's ramp-up in India takes place as the company looks to find new regions to boost business, while the breakneck speed growth it has experienced over the last year and a half begins to slow down.

In India, Prime Minister Narendra Modi has been looking to lure in major foreign technology companies, particularly in the semiconductor industry, to increase investment in the country.

India aims to establish itself as a major player in the semiconductor industry, as it strives for self-sufficiency in manufacturing. Modi has outlined various objectives to advance the semiconductor sector, setting a significant target to grow the country's electronics industry from its current value of around $155 billion to $500 billion by 2030.

"India is very, very dear to the world's computer industry, central to the IT industry," Huang said.

Ambani's presence at the Nvidia event also highlighted his conglomerate's ambition to become a leading AI player in India. Reliance Jio, the telecommunications firm under Ambani's Reliance Industries and an upstart less than a decade ago, is now India's biggest mobile provider.

"Jio aims to build large scale AI infrastructure to democratize AI leveraging data emanating from almost a billion Internet users in next few years. With this planned investments and scale, Jio aims to be the flag bearer of proliferating AI adoption from consumers to enterprises to government," Neil Shah, partner at Counterpoint Research, told CNBC.

This "unlocks significant opportunity" for Nvidia and other companies, Shah added.

### DATE: 
2024-10-24

### Summary: 
Amid the flurry of partnerships announced on the occasion was a deal between Reliance and Nvidia to build AI infrastructure in India.
Nvidia on Thursday announced a slew of partnerships with major Indian firms and launched a Hindi language model, as the American chip company looks to ramp up business in one of the world's biggest technology markets.
Nvidia also announced Nemotron-4-Mini-Hindi 4B — a small language model in Hindi, the widest-spoken of India's multitude of languages.
Companies running Nvidia hardware can deploy this language model, while Indian IT consultancy Tech Mahindra is using Nvidia's model to launch its own Hindi AI model, Project Indus 2.0.
"India is very, very dear to the world's computer industry, central to the IT industry," Huang said.

### Keywords: 
partnerships
nvidia
industry
huang
reliance
hindi
major
doubles
ai
model
india
language
companies

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 53


### TITLE: 
Investors need to moderate their return expectations for Indian equities: Dhiraj Relli

### TEXT: 
Share Share Article via Facebook Share Article via Twitter Share Article via LinkedIn Share Article via Email

Investors need to moderate their return expectations for Indian equities: Dhiraj Relli

Dhiraj Relli of HDFC Securities discusses the current valuation levels of the Indian markets and says that local debt is an interesting asset class to consider.

### DATE: 
2024-10-24

### Summary: 
Share Share Article via Facebook Share Article via Twitter Share Article via LinkedIn Share Article via EmailInvestors need to moderate their return expectations for Indian equities: Dhiraj RelliDhiraj Relli of HDFC Securities discusses the current valuation levels of the Indian markets and says that local debt is an interesting asset class to consider.

### Keywords: 
indian
share
article
return
moderate
expectations
securities
twitter
investors
equities
dhiraj
rellidhiraj
relli
need
valuation

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 54


### TITLE: 
For long-term investors, India is the 'perfect emerging market': EMQQ Global

### TEXT: 
Share Share Article via Facebook Share Article via Twitter Share Article via LinkedIn Share Article via Email

For long-term investors, India is the 'perfect emerging market': EMQQ Global

Kevin Carter of EMQQ Global says that India is a very special situation and that the digital and internet sectors are particularly exciting.

### DATE: 
2024-10-24

### Summary: 
Share Share Article via Facebook Share Article via Twitter Share Article via LinkedIn Share Article via EmailFor long-term investors, India is the 'perfect emerging market': EMQQ GlobalKevin Carter of EMQQ Global says that India is a very special situation and that the digital and internet sectors are particularly exciting.

### Keywords: 
share
situation
article
special
global
market
twitter
emerging
investors
sectors
longterm
emqq
particularly
perfect
india

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 55


### TITLE: 
Hyundai Motor's third quarter profit misses forecast as demand slows; shares slide

### TEXT: 
A general view of Hyundai signage and logo at a dealership showroom on January 22, 2024 in Southend, United Kingdom.

Hyundai Motor warned on Thursday of slowing demand and intensifying competition, but stuck to its 2024 earnings target after reporting a 7% fall in third-quarter operating profit, sending its shares down more than 5%.

"The business environment for the car industry is worsening," Hyundai Motor's CFO, Lee Seung-jo said during a conference call, also citing growing policy uncertainties and geopolitical risks globally.

Hyundai Motor, which together with affiliate Kia Corp is the world's third-biggest automaker by sales, reported an operating profit of 3.6 trillion won ($2.6 billion) for July to September, compared with 3.8 trillion won in profit in the same period a year earlier.

The result was also lower than a 3.9 trillion won average of 20 analyst estimates compiled by LSEG SmartEstimate, which is weighted towards estimates from analysts who are more consistently accurate.

The earnings were hurt by warranty costs of 320 billion won for its Santa Fe SUV engines in the United States and increased sales incentives as a global slowdown in car demand weighed.

Hyundai, however, maintained its 2024 target of achieving an operating margin of 8% to 9% this year. Hyundai has posted an operating margin of 8.9% from January to September this year.

Hyundai Motor's share price extended its decline on Thursday, falling 3.7% after the earnings announcement.

Major European carmakers including Volkswagen Mercedes-Benz and BMW have flagged a worsening outlook for auto demand as well as rising costs, wiping billions of euros off the sector's market value.

Hyundai Motor's global retail sales fell 5% in the third quarter from a year earlier, as a decline in sales in Europe offset sales increases in the United States and South Korea.

While Hyundai's sales of electric vehicles fell, sales of hybrid EVs, which garner double-digit profit margins, jumped more than 40% from a year earlier, Hyundai said.

Hyundai said in August that it planned to double its hybrid vehicle line-up to counter a slowdown in global electric vehicle demand, while cutting targets for EV sales and delaying the development and launch of some EV models.

Indian IPO

Hyundai said proceeds from the public listing of its India unit would primarily be invested to bolster its competitiveness in the Indian market. It added it would communicate its shareholder return policy in South Korea this year after reviewing its investment plans.

Some analysts said its stock price decline on Thursday reflected disappointment about the lack of a shareholder return policy following the Indian IPO.

Hyundai Motor India shares also fell 7.2% on their market debut on Tuesday after retail investors gave a lukewarm reception to the country's biggest initial public offering (IPO) amid concerns about lofty valuations and an industry slowdown.

Hyundai said its new U.S. factory in Georgia will increase output gradually since it started production early this month, adding that EVs to be made at the factory will be eligible for U.S. federal tax credits.

In September, Hyundai Motor and General Motors announced a non-binding deal to explore future collaboration across areas including potential joint vehicle development, supply chain issues and clean-energy technologies.

### DATE: 
2024-10-24

### Summary: 
Hyundai Motor warned on Thursday of slowing demand and intensifying competition, but stuck to its 2024 earnings target after reporting a 7% fall in third-quarter operating profit, sending its shares down more than 5%.
"The business environment for the car industry is worsening," Hyundai Motor's CFO, Lee Seung-jo said during a conference call, also citing growing policy uncertainties and geopolitical risks globally.
Hyundai Motor's share price extended its decline on Thursday, falling 3.7% after the earnings announcement.
Hyundai Motor's global retail sales fell 5% in the third quarter from a year earlier, as a decline in sales in Europe offset sales increases in the United States and South Korea.
In September, Hyundai Motor and General Motors announced a non-binding deal to explore future collaboration across areas including potential joint vehicle development, supply chain issues and clean-energy technologies.

### Keywords: 
motors
forecast
misses
sales
quarter
slows
operating
profit
motor
hyundai
slide
vehicle
demand
united
won
shares

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 56


### TITLE: 
Major global automakers will pivot to India from China in the next 5-10 years: Macquarie Capital

### TEXT: 
Share Share Article via Facebook Share Article via Twitter Share Article via LinkedIn Share Article via Email

Major global automakers will pivot to India from China in the next 5-10 years: Macquarie Capital

James Hong from Macquarie Capital talks about the future of India's auto industry, saying while it has huge potentials, history shows that it's "not an easy market to penetrate".

### DATE: 
2024-10-24

### Summary: 
Share Share Article via Facebook Share Article via Twitter Share Article via LinkedIn Share Article via EmailMajor global automakers will pivot to India from China in the next 5-10 years: Macquarie CapitalJames Hong from Macquarie Capital talks about the future of India's auto industry, saying while it has huge potentials, history shows that it's "not an easy market to penetrate".

### Keywords: 
share
automakers
article
saying
penetrate
global
twitter
potentials
major
macquarie
510
talks
shows
pivot
capital
india
china

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 57


### TITLE: 
Modi and Xi agree to resolve differences, boost India-China ties

### TEXT: 
Chinese President Xi Jinping and India Prime Minister Narendra Modi meet on the sidelines of the BRICS summit in Kazan, Russia October 23, 2024. China Daily via Reuters

Chinese President Xi Jinping and Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi agreed on Wednesday to boost communication and cooperation between their countries and resolve conflicts to help improve ties that were damaged by a deadly military clash in 2020. The two leaders met on the sidelines of the BRICS summit in Russia for their first formal talks in five years, signaling that ties between the Asian giants have begun to recover from the diplomatic rift caused by the clash along their disputed Himalayan frontier. India and China, two of the world's biggest economies, have maintained strong trade ties despite the military and diplomatic tensions. The rapprochement is expected to boost Chinese investment in India. India said the two leaders have directed their officials to take further steps to stabilize all aspects of bilateral ties. The Xi-Modi meeting in the city of Kazan came two days after New Delhi said it had reached a deal with Beijing to resolve the four-year military stand-off in the Himalayan region of Ladakh, although neither side has shared details of the pact.

watch now

The two sides should strengthen communication and cooperation, resolve conflicts and differences, and realize each other's development dreams, Chinese state broadcaster CCTV reported Xi as telling Modi. Modi put forward ideas for improving and developing bilateral relations, to which Xi agreed in principle, CCTV added without elaborating. In response, Modi told Xi that peace, stability, mutual trust and respect were crucial for relations. "We welcome the agreement on the issues that had come up over the last four years," Modi told Xi in comments aired on India's state broadcaster Doordarshan. "It should be our priority to maintain peace and tranquility on the border. Mutual trust, mutual respect and mutual sensitivity should be the basis of our relationship," Modi said. Relations between the world's two most populous nations — both nuclear powers — have been strained since a clash between their troops on the largely un-demarcated frontier in the western Himalayas left 20 Indian and four Chinese soldiers dead in 2020. The neighbors have added tens of thousands of troops and weapons along the icy frontier over the last four years. Modi and Xi had not held formal bilateral talks since then, although both participated in multilateral events. Their last bilateral summit talks were held in October 2019 in the southern Indian town of Mamallapuram. The two spoke briefly on the sidelines of the G20 summit in Bali in November 2022. They spoke again on the sidelines of the BRICS summit in Johannesburg in August 2023 but released different versions of the conversation, suggesting they didn't see eye to eye. Xi skipped the G20 summit hosted by New Delhi the following month, a decision seen as another setback to relations. Diplomatic efforts gained momentum in recent months after the two countries' foreign ministers met in July and agreed to step up talks to ease the border tensions.

### DATE: 
2024-10-24

### Summary: 
Chinese President Xi Jinping and India Prime Minister Narendra Modi meet on the sidelines of the BRICS summit in Kazan, Russia October 23, 2024.
watch nowThe two sides should strengthen communication and cooperation, resolve conflicts and differences, and realize each other's development dreams, Chinese state broadcaster CCTV reported Xi as telling Modi.
Modi put forward ideas for improving and developing bilateral relations, to which Xi agreed in principle, CCTV added without elaborating.
Mutual trust, mutual respect and mutual sensitivity should be the basis of our relationship," Modi said.
Their last bilateral summit talks were held in October 2019 in the southern Indian town of Mamallapuram.

### Keywords: 
india
summit
mutual
ties
chinese
xi
indiachina
differences
resolve
boost
relations
talks
agree
sidelines
modi

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 58


### TITLE: 
India deserves a place in foreign investors' asset allocation strategies: DSP Asset Managers

### TEXT: 
Share Share Article via Facebook Share Article via Twitter Share Article via LinkedIn Share Article via Email

India deserves a place in foreign investors' asset allocation strategies: DSP Asset Managers

Vinit Sambre of DSP Asset Managers says that while the recent foreign outflows from the Indian market makes sense tactically, the long-term structural story remains good and valuations could become more reasonable.

### DATE: 
2024-10-23

### Summary: 
Share Share Article via Facebook Share Article via Twitter Share Article via LinkedIn Share Article via EmailIndia deserves a place in foreign investors' asset allocation strategies: DSP Asset ManagersVinit Sambre of DSP Asset Managers says that while the recent foreign outflows from the Indian market makes sense tactically, the long-term structural story remains good and valuations could become more reasonable.

### Keywords: 
share
asset
article
valuations
tactically
twitter
place
investors
dsp
deserves
strategies
foreign
allocation
managers
india
structural

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 59


### TITLE: 
Russia pushes 'new world order' agenda as it hosts beefed-up BRICS summit

### TEXT: 
Russian President Vladimir Putin attends the BRICS Business Forum in Moscow, Russia October 18, 2024. Alexander Zemlianichenko | Via Reuters

Russia is rolling out the red carpet to its geopolitical allies as it hosts the latest BRICS summit on Tuesday, pushing its agenda to create a "new world order" that challenges the West. The group was initially comprised of Brazil, Russia, India and China before South Africa joined in 2010, giving the organization of rapidly economically-developing nations its current name. It has since morphed into a geopolitical forum for the world's most powerful nations outside of the West. The BRICS now have additional clout after Egypt, Ethiopia, Iran and the United Arab Emirates joined the group in January, with membership to the bloc becoming an attractive prospect for countries looking to boost trade, investment and economic development. Russia has been trying to woo what's collectively known as the "Global South" — or economically-developing countries in Asia, Africa, the Middle East and Latin America — and contrast to the "Global North" of industrialized nations, traditionally led by the U.S. Russian President Vladimir Putin frequently comments on his ambition to establish what he calls a "new world order" to rival and usurp the geopolitical and economic pre-eminence enjoyed by the U.S.-led West. Russia, holder of the rotating BRICS presidency and economically isolated and heavily sanctioned by the West, can also turn to this year's summit to demonstrate that it still commands respect on the global stage and has powerful allies willing to turn a blind eye to its ongoing war in Ukraine.

Delegates listen on during the plenary session as Russian President Vladimir Putin delivers his remarks via video-link during the 2023 BRICS Summit at the Sandton Convention Centre in Johannesburg on August 23, 2023. Alet Pretorius | Afp | Getty Images

Putin has described the beefed-up BRICS group as a "strong indication of the growing authority of the association and its role in international affairs" and signaled on Friday that he intends for the so-called "BRICS +" format to challenge the West on both a geopolitical and economic front. "The countries in our association are essentially the drivers of global economic growth. In the foreseeable future, BRICS will generate the main increase in global GDP," Putin told officials and businessmen last Friday at the BRICS business forum in Moscow, which precedes the group's summit, in comments translated by Reuters. "The economic growth of BRICS members will increasingly depend less on external influence or interference. This is essentially economic sovereignty," Putin added. Earlier in October, Putin said Moscow was open to using the summit for discussions with its allies on the "the parameters of interaction in the emerging multipolar world, and is open to discussing the issues of building a new world order with all our friends, partners and like-minded people," he said, according to Russian state-owned news agency Tass. Putin added that "it is in this spirit that we are preparing the BRICS and Outreach/BRICS Plus summit," referring to the last day of the three-day summit when officials from almost 40 Asian, African, Middle Eastern and Latin American countries are attending as part of the group's bid to expand ties with the "Global South."

(L to R) Brazil's President Michel Temer, Russia's President Vladimir Putin, China's President Xi Jinping, South Africa's President Jacob Zuma and India's Prime Minister Narendra Modi pose for a group photo during the BRICS Summit on September 4, 2017. Wu Hong | Afp | Getty Images

The expansion of the BRICS coalition is both significant and performative, one security analyst told CNBC. "It is indicative of a collective movement away from the West, a demonstration of a fundamental shift within the world order that is seeking to challenge Western economic hegemony," Callum Fraser, a research fellow in Russian and Eurasian security at the Royal United Services Institute (RUSI) think tank, told CNBC Monday. Fraser added that it was "still unclear to what degree BRICS+ will be able to challenge the Western-dominated G7, or even to what degree they are able to align their visions of the international system." "Currently, the main glue that holds them together is the aspiration to achieve the same quality of life as in the West that they feel unable to achieve through cooperation with the West. Ultimately, BRICS+ is only anti-West in that it operates as an alternative institution. This means that it still remains to be seen what BRICS+ will provide for its member states, but increased cooperation among its members is extremely likely," he said. Russia's chairing of the summit would be "utilized to maximum effect to demonstrate Russia's strong position within this emerging order," Fraser added.

Global leaders attending

The 16th BRICS summit is taking place under the theme of "strengthening multilateralism for just global development and security," with the Kremlin stating that BRICS leaders will exchange views on "pressing issues on the global and regional agenda," as well as on "the three main pillars of cooperation identified by the Russian chairmanship: politics and security, the economy and finance, and cultural and humanitarian ties." The Kremlin added that the possible expansion of the BRICS group through the establishment of a new category of "partner states" would also be discussed. It's unclear whether the elephant in the room — Russia's ongoing war with Ukraine — will be acknowledged at the summit. Kremlin Spokesman Dmitry Peskov told the Izvestia newspaper that the conflict in Ukraine was not on the agenda, but he insisted that participants could "raise this issue at their discretion," according to a Google translation.

Russian President Vladimir Putin (R) shakes hands with Iranian President Masoud Pezeshkian (L) during their meeting, October 11, 2024, in Ashgabat, Turkmenistan. Contributor | Getty Images News | Getty Images

The Kremlin appears eager to avoid mention of what it calls its "special military operation" in Ukraine, stating that the BRICS+ discussions would concern "pressing international issues, with a particular focus on the escalating situation in the Middle East and interactions between the BRICS countries and the Global South in the interests of sustainable development." Putin is set to hold meetings with various leaders in attendance, including India's Prime Minister Narendra Modi, China's President Xi Jinping, Turkey's President Recep Tayyip Erdogan, Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas and U.N. Secretary-General Antonio Guterres. It's also expected that Putin and his Iranian counterpart Masoud Pezeshkian could sign a 'Comprehensive Strategic Partnership' agreement at the summit that could signal their commitment to deepening military and defense cooperation. following several years of exchanging military and technical support amid the war in Ukraine.

### DATE: 
2024-10-22

### Summary: 
Russian President Vladimir Putin attends the BRICS Business Forum in Moscow, Russia October 18, 2024.
Alexander Zemlianichenko | Via ReutersRussia is rolling out the red carpet to its geopolitical allies as it hosts the latest BRICS summit on Tuesday, pushing its agenda to create a "new world order" that challenges the West.
Delegates listen on during the plenary session as Russian President Vladimir Putin delivers his remarks via video-link during the 2023 BRICS Summit at the Sandton Convention Centre in Johannesburg on August 23, 2023.
"The countries in our association are essentially the drivers of global economic growth.
Russian President Vladimir Putin (R) shakes hands with Iranian President Masoud Pezeshkian (L) during their meeting, October 11, 2024, in Ashgabat, Turkmenistan.

### Keywords: 
president
west
summit
vladimir
beefedup
order
global
russian
agenda
russia
hosts
pushes
putin
brics
world
economic

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 60


### TITLE: 
India will apply its technological capability to other markets: Fintech executive

### TEXT: 
Share Share Article via Facebook Share Article via Twitter Share Article via LinkedIn Share Article via Email

India will apply its technological capability to other markets: Fintech executive

James Lloyd, Senior Director, International at Juspay, explains his bullish view of the Indian fintech market, and why he believes there will be more outbound activity in the technology industry.

### DATE: 
2024-10-22

### Summary: 
Share Share Article via Facebook Share Article via Twitter Share Article via LinkedIn Share Article via EmailIndia will apply its technological capability to other markets: Fintech executiveJames Lloyd, Senior Director, International at Juspay, explains his bullish view of the Indian fintech market, and why he believes there will be more outbound activity in the technology industry.

### Keywords: 
technological
share
article
outbound
senior
twitter
technology
view
executive
markets
capability
fintech
india
apply

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 61


### TITLE: 
Hyundai Motor India's shares drop 7% on trading debut after record IPO

### TEXT: 
MUMBAI, MAHARASHTRA, INDIA - Hyundai cars seen parked outside the Hyundai showroom in Mumbai.

Hyundai Motor India shares fell 7% on their trading debut Tuesday after a $3.3 billion initial public offering, the country's largest-ever by amount raised.

Shares closed down at 1,819 rupees ($21.63), lower than their initial public offering price of 1,960 rupees, according to BSE data.

The automaker had offered 142.19 million shares at a price band of 1,865 Indian rupees ($22.18) to 1,960 rupees. The IPO fetched 278.56 billion rupees, or $3.3 billion.

The company's IPO, which opened on Oct. 15 and closed on Oct. 17, was oversubscribed by more than two times, according to Reuters. This is the first IPO for a unit of the South Korean automaker outside South Korea.

Speaking to CNBC's "Capital Connection," Kranthi Bathini, director of equity strategy at Wealthmills Securities, said as this was a "fully subscribed and also fully priced in IPO, so there is nothing much left on the table for the investors."

### DATE: 
2024-10-22

### Summary: 
MUMBAI, MAHARASHTRA, INDIA - Hyundai cars seen parked outside the Hyundai showroom in Mumbai.
Hyundai Motor India shares fell 7% on their trading debut Tuesday after a $3.3 billion initial public offering, the country's largest-ever by amount raised.
Shares closed down at 1,819 rupees ($21.63), lower than their initial public offering price of 1,960 rupees, according to BSE data.
The automaker had offered 142.19 million shares at a price band of 1,865 Indian rupees ($22.18) to 1,960 rupees.
This is the first IPO for a unit of the South Korean automaker outside South Korea.

### Keywords: 
outside
record
oct
motor
initial
public
hyundai
price
ipo
south
rupees
debut
drop
offering
trading
indias
shares

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 62


### TITLE: 
India, China reach pact to resolve border conflict, Indian foreign minister says

### TEXT: 
India and China have reached a deal on patrolling their disputed frontier to end a four-year military stand-off, the Indian foreign minister said on Monday, paving the way for improved political and business ties between the Asian giants. Estherpoon | Istock | Getty Images

India and China have reached a deal on patrolling their disputed frontier to end a four-year military stand-off, the Indian foreign minister said on Monday, paving the way for improved political and business ties between the Asian giants. The news came on the eve of Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi's visit to Russia for an Oct. 22-24 summit of the BRICS regional grouping, during which he could hold talks with Chinese President Xi Jinping, Indian officials said. Relations between the world's two most populous nations — both nuclear powers — have been strained since clashes between their troops on the largely un-demarcated frontier in the western Himalayas left 20 Indian and four Chinese soldiers dead in 2020. The two sides had since stopped patrolling several points along the border in the Ladakh region to avoid new confrontations, while moving tens of thousands of new troops and military equipment closer to the freezing highlands. "We reached an agreement on patrolling, and with that we have gone back to where the situation was in 2020 and we can say... the disengagement process with China has been completed," Indian Foreign Minister Subrahmanyam Jaishankar said at a NDTV media conclave.

watch now

The "understanding was reached only today," he said, adding: "We always said that if you disturb the peace and tranquility how can the rest of the relationship go forward?" To avoid clashes, the two militaries will patrol contested points along the border according to an agreed schedule, a senior Indian military officer aware of the details told Reuters. Both sides will monitor the area in Ladakh to ensure that there are no violations, the officer added. Authorities in Beijing offered no immediate response to India's remarks. Officials in New Delhi said the pact clears the path for a likely bilateral meeting between Modi and Xi on the sidelines of the BRICS summit, which will be their first since 2020. The senior military officer said that both sides would pull back their troops a little from current positions to avoid face-offs, but would be allowed to patrol these areas according to a schedule that is being worked out. Monthly review meetings and regular monitoring of the contested areas by both sides would ensure there are no violations, he added. Deependra Singh Hooda, a retired senior Indian army officer who was a commander for a part of the China frontier, said that while the two sides would need fresh confidence-building measures, "at least the impasse has been broken".

### DATE: 
2024-10-22

### Summary: 
India and China have reached a deal on patrolling their disputed frontier to end a four-year military stand-off, the Indian foreign minister said on Monday, paving the way for improved political and business ties between the Asian giants.
Estherpoon | Istock | Getty ImagesIndia and China have reached a deal on patrolling their disputed frontier to end a four-year military stand-off, the Indian foreign minister said on Monday, paving the way for improved political and business ties between the Asian giants.
To avoid clashes, the two militaries will patrol contested points along the border according to an agreed schedule, a senior Indian military officer aware of the details told Reuters.
Both sides will monitor the area in Ladakh to ensure that there are no violations, the officer added.
Monthly review meetings and regular monitoring of the contested areas by both sides would ensure there are no violations, he added.

### Keywords: 
indian
reach
troops
officer
resolve
pact
patrolling
border
foreign
military
reached
frontier
conflict
india
minister
china
sides

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 63


### TITLE: 
Indian retail group seeks antitrust probe of quick commerce companies Swiggy, Blinkit, Zepto

### TEXT: 
Blinkit and Zomato logos are seen in this illustration taken June 27, 2022.

Zomato's Blinkit, Zepto, and Swiggy, which runs the Instamart delivery service and is backed by SoftBank , did not respond to Reuters queries.

In a letter dated Oct. 18, All India Consumer Products Distributors Federation, which represents 400,000 retail distributors of major companies including Nestle and Hindustan Unilever , told the antitrust body quick commerce firms were practicing predatory pricing - or offering deep discounts and selling below cost to lure customers.

Quick commerce is a new shopping rage in India, with companies promising deliveries of anything from groceries to electronics within 10 minutes, reshaping how Indians shop and challenging e-commerce giants such as Amazon .

India's biggest group of retail distributors has asked the antitrust authority to investigate three quick commerce companies — Zomato's Blinkit, Swiggy and Zepto — for alleged predatory pricing, a letter showed on Sunday.

The letter said several consumer goods companies were dealing directly with quick commerce firms to increase their reach, sidelining the traditional salespeople who for decades went from one shop to another to deliver orders.

Such practices make "it impossible for traditional retailers to compete or survive," said the letter, which is not public but was seen by Reuters.

"Implement protective measures for traditional distributors and small retailers to safeguard their interests," it urged the Competition Commission of India.

The CCI also did not respond to a query from Reuters and AICPDF declined to comment on its letter.

Annual sales on Indian quick commerce platforms are set to exceed $6 billion this year, with Blinkit having a nearly 40% market share, while Swiggy and Zepto around 30% each, research firm Datum Intelligence said.

The CCI has powers to initiate an investigation on its own if it find merit in complaints, a government official told Reuters on Sunday, asking not to be named because he was not authorised to speak publicly.

The CCI's investigation unit in August found bigger e-commerce players, Amazon and Walmart's Flipkart, breached local laws through predatory pricing, allegations the companies deny.

Reflecting the strength of the quick commerce sector, Zomato's shares have doubled this year and Swiggy will in the coming weeks will launch its over $1 billion IPO.

### DATE: 
2024-10-21

### Summary: 
Zomato's Blinkit, Zepto, and Swiggy, which runs the Instamart delivery service and is backed by SoftBank , did not respond to Reuters queries.
India's biggest group of retail distributors has asked the antitrust authority to investigate three quick commerce companies — Zomato's Blinkit, Swiggy and Zepto — for alleged predatory pricing, a letter showed on Sunday.
"Implement protective measures for traditional distributors and small retailers to safeguard their interests," it urged the Competition Commission of India.
Annual sales on Indian quick commerce platforms are set to exceed $6 billion this year, with Blinkit having a nearly 40% market share, while Swiggy and Zepto around 30% each, research firm Datum Intelligence said.
Reflecting the strength of the quick commerce sector, Zomato's shares have doubled this year and Swiggy will in the coming weeks will launch its over $1 billion IPO.

### Keywords: 
indian
retail
commerce
letter
group
pricing
zepto
blinkit
swiggy
distributors
traditional
companies
probe
quick
seeks

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 64


### TITLE: 
Eutelsat uses SpaceX rocket to launch first satellites after merger

### TEXT: 
Eutelsat, the world's third-biggest satellite operator by revenue, launched 20 satellites for its communications network on Sunday, using Elon Musk's SpaceX in its first move since the merger of two European companies last year.

A SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket took off, with Eutelsat satellites from California's Vandenberg Space Force Base at 0513 GMT.

"This is the first OneWeb launch of the satellites since the merger," CEO Eva Berneke told Reuters in an interview. "We will be launching more satellites over the coming years."

The Paris-based group formed by the merger in September last year of France's Eutelsat and Britain's OneWeb has a constellation of over 600 low earth orbit satellites that cater to broadcasters, telecom companies and radio stations.

"We really want to integrate into the telco ecosystem," Berneke said. "Satellites are an interesting niche in the overall connectivity ecosystems where telcos are the big boys in the class and satellite will always be a smaller part."

Eutelsat counts telecom operators such as France's Orange and Australia's Telstra as clients and is in talks with others such as AT&T in the U.S.

The company, which has a backlog of orders of $4 billion, is waiting for countries such as India and Saudi Arabia to open up.

India - a market set to grow 36% a year to $1.9 billion by 2030 - is in the process of allowing satellite services. It has experienced friction between domestic players and companies such as Starlink.

Two Asian chipmaking giants had a Friday to remember, but for different reasons.00:0201:26

"We have some of our backlog sitting in the Indian market... It sits there until India gets open, the day it gets open, we'll start building," Berneke said.

The company is also in talks with aviation companies to offer in-flight connectivity, including internet browsing, and expects revenue to start increasing from next year, she said.

### DATE: 
2024-10-20

### Summary: 
Eutelsat, the world's third-biggest satellite operator by revenue, launched 20 satellites for its communications network on Sunday, using Elon Musk's SpaceX in its first move since the merger of two European companies last year.
A SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket took off, with Eutelsat satellites from California's Vandenberg Space Force Base at 0513 GMT.
"This is the first OneWeb launch of the satellites since the merger," CEO Eva Berneke told Reuters in an interview.
The Paris-based group formed by the merger in September last year of France's Eutelsat and Britain's OneWeb has a constellation of over 600 low earth orbit satellites that cater to broadcasters, telecom companies and radio stations.
It sits there until India gets open, the day it gets open, we'll start building," Berneke said.

### Keywords: 
open
eutelsat
merger
telecom
start
launch
satellite
berneke
spacex
rocket
companies
talks
uses
satellites

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 65

Error parsing article 65: Article `download()` failed with HTTPSConnectionPool(host='www.cnbc.com', port=443): Read timed out. (read timeout=7) on URL https://www.cnbc.com/2024/10/17/cnbcs-inside-india-newsletter-the-changing-face-of-indias-rich.html


Parsing Article 65


### TITLE: 
China-led regional group calls for countering protectionist policies, sanctions

### TEXT: 
The Chinese national flag flies outside the Ministry of Foreign Affairs in Beijing on July 26, 2023.

A China-led 10-state regional group criticized what it called protectionist trade measures on Wednesday, part of an intensifying standoff between Beijing and Western countries over tariffs on Chinese products.

The Shanghai Cooperation Organization, a Eurasian security and political group, also hit out at "unilateral sanctions" as member states Iran and Russia face curbs on trade.

The criticism came in a joint statement, following a heads of government meeting of the SCO in Islamabad, signed by 10 countries, including China, Russia, Iran, India and host Pakistan.

The statement said that the 10 member states, represented by seven prime ministers, "consider it important to continue joint efforts to counter protectionist trade measures that are contrary to WTO rules."

The United States and Canada have increased tariffs on Chinese products such as electric vehicles, aluminum and steel, and the European Union is set to follow suit. Beijing has termed the moves discriminatory, and responded with similar actions as the standoff intensifies.

### DATE: 
2024-10-17

### Summary: 
The Chinese national flag flies outside the Ministry of Foreign Affairs in Beijing on July 26, 2023.
A China-led 10-state regional group criticized what it called protectionist trade measures on Wednesday, part of an intensifying standoff between Beijing and Western countries over tariffs on Chinese products.
The Shanghai Cooperation Organization, a Eurasian security and political group, also hit out at "unilateral sanctions" as member states Iran and Russia face curbs on trade.
The statement said that the 10 member states, represented by seven prime ministers, "consider it important to continue joint efforts to counter protectionist trade measures that are contrary to WTO rules."
Beijing has termed the moves discriminatory, and responded with similar actions as the standoff intensifies.

### Keywords: 
calls
trade
member
group
chinaled
policies
beijing
chinese
regional
standoff
countering
statement
russia
tariffs
states
protectionist
sanctions

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 66


### TITLE: 
Tokyo Metro's IPO could propel the Japanese market as investors seek China alternatives

### TEXT: 
In Japan's biggest initial public offering in six years, Tokyo Metro raised 348.6 billion yen ($2.3 billion) after pricing its shares at 1,200 yen apiece, according to the company's regulatory filing on Tuesday.

Tokyo Metro's initial public offering could drive momentum in the Japanese market and attract more companies into the country, analysts said, as China continues to lose steam.

In Japan's biggest IPO in six years, Tokyo Metro raised 348.6 billion yen ($2.3 billion) after pricing its shares at 1,200 yen apiece, according to the company's regulatory filing on Tuesday.

Reuters had reported, citing two sources familiar with the matter, that the IPO was more than 15 times oversubscribed. The stock is expected to be listed on the Tokyo Stock Exchange on Oct. 23.

"Everybody knows it, and it's been priced relatively cheaply," Mio Kato, founder of LightStream Research, told CNBC's "Street Signs Asia" on Tuesday. "I think both the Tokyo government as well as the Ministry of Finance, obviously, won't want the IPO to fail."

"It's quite a big banner IPO for the year, and it's just something that everybody, you know, the entire public, is going to be focused on coming so close to the election," Kato added. "We think they're offering very, very good value."

A recent report published by Dealogic, a financial markets platform, shows that in September, equity capital market issuance in Asia-Pacific was worth just $168 billion, 15% below the first nine months of 2023 and 27% down from the same period in 2022.

The decline in overall Asia-Pacific issuance coincided with a slowdown in China, according to the report. However, India and Japan made up for a lack of issuance in China, it added.

Kato said he thinks the positive trend will continue for Japan, suggesting the country will soon bounce back from years of subdued IPO activity.

"I saw some news about NASDAQ actually trying to attract more Japanese IPOs. Since, you know, the Chinese IPO market has been kind of quiet lately," he said.

Hyundai India also started taking orders for its $3.3 billion IPO in Mumbai this week, in a deal set to become the country's biggest listing.

Ringo Choi, EY's Asia-Pacific IPO leader, told CNBC's "Squawk Box Asia" on Tuesday that both Hyundai India and Tokyo Metro are in "very hot positions" and "with high liquidity."

Choi predicted that those two IPOs will be bellwethers for their respective markets.

When asked if he thinks Tokyo Metro and Hyundai India's listings will open the floodgates for more activity, he said, "I do."

"I do think that after these two IPOs, and if the return of the IPOs [are] reasonably good, it will attract more companies to consider these two markets as the IPO destination," Choi said.

— CNBC's Dylan Butts contributed to this report.

Clarification: A section of this story's headline has been updated to more accurately reflect the story.

### DATE: 
2024-10-15

### Summary: 
Tokyo Metro's initial public offering could drive momentum in the Japanese market and attract more companies into the country, analysts said, as China continues to lose steam.
In Japan's biggest IPO in six years, Tokyo Metro raised 348.6 billion yen ($2.3 billion) after pricing its shares at 1,200 yen apiece, according to the company's regulatory filing on Tuesday.
Since, you know, the Chinese IPO market has been kind of quiet lately," he said.
Hyundai India also started taking orders for its $3.3 billion IPO in Mumbai this week, in a deal set to become the country's biggest listing.
When asked if he thinks Tokyo Metro and Hyundai India's listings will open the floodgates for more activity, he said, "I do."

### Keywords: 
propel
seek
market
ipos
investors
public
alternatives
ipo
metros
billion
yen
think
japanese
metro
offering
tokyo
china

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 67


### TITLE: 
Trump's 'border czar' could have more power, fewer hurdles on deportation policy

### TEXT: 
President Donald Trump (C) holds a law enforcement roundtable on sanctuary cities, in the Roosevelt Room at the White House on March 20, 2018 in Washington, D.C. Trump was joined by Attorney General Jeff Sessions (L), and Homeland Security Secretary Kirstjen Nielsen, and Thomas Homan, acting director of Immigration and Customs Enforcement.

President-elect Donald Trump's pick to carry out his sweeping deportation plans may be able to operate with more power, and less oversight from Congress, than some of his own Cabinet members.

That's because the appointee, former U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement acting director Tom Homan, will not be put directly in charge of the Department of Homeland Security or a sub-agency tasked with addressing immigration issues.

Homan will instead be the Trump administration's "Border Czar," a title that could grant him significant influence over immigration and border policy without the formal authority — and guardrails — that come with being a Cabinet secretary.

Trump announced Homan's selection in a Sunday night post on his Truth Social platform, putting the immigration hard-liner "in charge of our Nation's Borders."

Homan will also "be in charge of all Deportation of Illegal Aliens back to their Country of Origin," Trump wrote in the post.

Unlike Cabinet nominees — or the roughly 1,200 other federal roles that require Senate confirmation — Homan will not need congressional approval to serve under Trump. And he may be insulated from other forms of Legislative Branch scrutiny, experts told CNBC.

"White House appointees are subject to less oversight than Cabinet and sub-Cabinet officials," said Katherine Hawkins, senior legal analyst for the Project on Government Oversight.

"It is much harder for Congress to enforce subpoenas against White House officials, and they are more likely to cite executive privilege and refuse to testify and have that refusal upheld by courts," Hawkins said.

### DATE: 
2024-11-11

### Summary: 
President-elect Donald Trump's pick to carry out his sweeping deportation plans may be able to operate with more power, and less oversight from Congress, than some of his own Cabinet members.
Homan will instead be the Trump administration's "Border Czar," a title that could grant him significant influence over immigration and border policy without the formal authority — and guardrails — that come with being a Cabinet secretary.
Homan will also "be in charge of all Deportation of Illegal Aliens back to their Country of Origin," Trump wrote in the post.
"White House appointees are subject to less oversight than Cabinet and sub-Cabinet officials," said Katherine Hawkins, senior legal analyst for the Project on Government Oversight.
"It is much harder for Congress to enforce subpoenas against White House officials, and they are more likely to cite executive privilege and refuse to testify and have that refusal upheld by courts," Hawkins said.

### Keywords: 
charge
trumps
immigration
house
officials
power
trump
fewer
czar
border
white
cabinet
homan
policy
deportation
security
oversight
hurdles

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 68


### TITLE: 
Trump taps Lee Zeldin as EPA chief, Rep. Elise Stefanik for UN ambassador

### TEXT: 
Former U.S. President and Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump reacts as former U.S. Representative Lee Zeldin speaks at a rally ahead of the New Hampshire primary election in Concord, New Hampshire, U.S. January 19, 2024. Elizabeth Frantz | Reuters

President-elect Donald Trump said Monday that he would appoint former Rep. Lee Zeldin as administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, and current Rep. Elise Stefanik as the U.S. ambassador to the United Nations. Both Zeldin and Stefanik are Republicans from New York. Trump said that Zeldin, an attorney who represented a Long Island congressional district for four terms, "has been a true fighter for America First policies." "He will ensure fair and swift deregulatory decisions that will be enacted in a way to unleash the power of American businesses, while at the same time maintaining the highest environmental standards, including the cleanest air and water on the planet," Trump said in a statement.

Zeldin, 44, in a tweet wrote that "it is an honor to join President Trump's Cabinet as EPA Administrator." "We will restore US energy dominance, revitalize our auto industry to bring back American jobs, and make the US the global leader of AI," Zeldin wrote. "We will do so while protecting access to clean air and water." Zeldin was the Republican Party's nominee for governor of New York in 2022, when he was defeated by incumbent Gov. Kathy Hochul. Right after Trump announced he would lead the EPA, Zeldin told Fox News, "So day one and the first 100 days, we have the opportunity to roll back regulations that are forcing businesses to be able to struggle." "There are regulations that the left wing of this country have been advocating through regulatory power that ends up causing businesses to go in the wrong direction," he said. Zeldin has an extremely low lifetime rating score — 14% — from the League of Conservation Voters, for his many votes in the House of Representatives that were considered "anti-environment" by that group. The executive director of the Sierra Club, a leading environmental group, blasted Trump's selection of Zeldin for the EPA post. "Naming an unqualified, anti-American worker who opposes efforts to safeguard our clean air and water lays bare Donald Trump's intentions to, once again, sell our health, our communities, our jobs, and our future out to corporate polluters," said Executive Director Ben Jealous. "Our lives, our livelihoods, and our collective future cannot afford Lee Zeldin — or anyone who seeks to carry out a mission antithetical to the EPA's mission."

Republican Conference Chair Elise Stefanik, R-N.Y., speaks at the Republican National Convention in Milwaukee on Tuesday, July 16, 2024. Bill Clark | CQ-Roll Call, Inc. | Getty Images

### DATE: 
2024-11-11

### Summary: 
Elizabeth Frantz | ReutersPresident-elect Donald Trump said Monday that he would appoint former Rep. Lee Zeldin as administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, and current Rep. Elise Stefanik as the U.S. ambassador to the United Nations.
Zeldin, 44, in a tweet wrote that "it is an honor to join President Trump's Cabinet as EPA Administrator."
The executive director of the Sierra Club, a leading environmental group, blasted Trump's selection of Zeldin for the EPA post.
"Our lives, our livelihoods, and our collective future cannot afford Lee Zeldin — or anyone who seeks to carry out a mission antithetical to the EPA's mission."
Republican Conference Chair Elise Stefanik, R-N.Y., speaks at the Republican National Convention in Milwaukee on Tuesday, July 16, 2024.

### Keywords: 
epa
ambassador
stefanik
zeldin
chief
trumps
republican
trump
elise
environmental
taps
rep
water
donald
lee

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 69


### TITLE: 
The 2 things that will drive the stock market after last week's Trump-Fed rally

### TEXT: 
Talk about an eventful week. Normally, when the Fed cuts interest rates, that would be the big story. However, Thursday's Federal Reserve meeting pales in comparison to Tuesday's presidential election, which yielded a winner before the sun came up the next morning. .SPX .DJI,.IXIC mountain 2024-11-01 Performance since Nov. 1 close The stock market reaction Wednesday to Republican Donald Trump 's victory over Democrat Kamala Harris was swift and powerful, sending the Dow , the S & P 500 and the Nasdaq to all-time highs. The Fed rate cut the next day was icing on the cake for market bulls, with gains for the S & P 500 and Nasdaq. The Dow on Thursday was flat. On Friday, the Dow went above 44,000 for the first time ever, and the S & P 500 topped 6,000 for the first time ever. They closed just below those levels. All three stock benchmarks finished the week at closing record highs. For the week, the Dow and S & P 500 both gained more than 4.6%. They had their best weeks of the year and their first positive weeks in the past three. The Nasdaq rose 5.7% for the week. The tech-heavy index's weekly gain, while the strongest of the three, was only its best since September. For the week, consumer discretionary, energy, industrials, financials, and information technology were the top five sectors. Last week, we sold shares of industrial laggard Honeywell into strength three times , bringing the position down to levels that Jim Cramer said won't hurt us. On Wednesday, when the already running Wells Fargo and Morgan Stanley both surged double-digits on a percentage basis after the Trump win, our discipline called for us to take some profits, which we did. BlackRock, one of our newer positions, was not participating in Wednesday's rally in financials, so took some of those bank stock proceeds and bought some more shares of the world's biggest asset manager. We said last weekend that the risk to the market was not so much who won, but that whoever won did so decisively. That's exactly what we got. Wall Street, however, has traditionally liked gridlock in Washington over the long term, a situation created by a split Congress or the White House controlled by one party and Capitol Hil by the other. The exact combination remains up in the air. While the presidential race was decided quickly and the Republicans flipped the Senate, there were still House races too close to call, according to NBC News . As of Sunday afternoon, Republicans needed to win six of them to capture the majority. Only time will tell how the balance of power will play out and whether it's good or bad for the stock market. But one thing we do know is that Trump likes to grade himself on how the market performs. In Trump's first term, from Inauguration Day 2017 to his last day in office, the S & P 500 gained 67%. Barring anything catastrophic, President Joe Biden and Vice President Harris will hand Trump the baton of a healthy economy with moderating inflation and a strong stock market. In the week ahead, two government inflation reports are released that Wall Street and the Fed will be watching closely. Earnings season starts to wind down and only two Club names, Home Depot and Disney , report quarterly results. Economy The big economic report for the week, the October consumer price index, comes out before Wednesday's opening bell. According to estimates compiled by FactSet, economists are looking for a 2.6% annual increase in headline CPI, slightly hotter than in September. The core rate, which excludes volatile food and energy prices, is seen rising 3.3% on a year-over-year basis, matching the prior month. The shelter component of the CPI, which accounts for roughly one-third of the entire index, will also be a key focus given how sticky the cost of housing inflation has been. While not as closely watched as the CPI, the October producer price index, which is out Thursday, could influence the markets. The monthly PPI readings are still important to monitor as they show wholesale prices that companies pay, often referred to as input costs, and whether they need to raise consumer prices to protect their margins. According to FactSet, economists expect to see a 2.3% annual increase in headline PPI and a 2.9% year-over-year increase in the core rate. Among the other data points this week, October retail sales and October industrial production are both out Friday. Retail sales give us a snapshot of the state of the consumer and where they're focusing their buying power in the lead-up to the holiday shopping season. Roughly two-thirds of the nation's economy is driven by consumer spending. The monthly industrial production and capacity utilization report provides insight into the manufacturing industry, which has been under pressure for quite a while, as well as the mining, and electric and gas utilities industries. Earnings For Home Depot, which reports third-quarter earnings before Tuesday's opening bell, we want to hear what management sees on the ground in the housing market. HD YTD mountain Home Depot YTD We know longer-term bond yields have been ticking up and driving mortgage rates back up with them — so the benefit of stronger housing leading to more sales of building and renovation products might still be pushed out. We were encouraged to see bond yields drop on Thursday and Friday after spiking on Wednesday. We hope that continues with the Fed in easing mode and market odds favoring another rate cut in December. Additionally, a likely boost to Home Depot sales, partially in the reported quarter and likely more so going forward, will come from the recovery process after hurricanes Helene and Milton as insurance claims come through and homeowners look to rebuild. That said, we're biding our time and predict that once the housing market really starts to inflect, Home Depot will be a primary beneficiary. As of Friday, consensus estimates call for Home Depot sales of $39.24 billion in the third quarter and earnings of $3.64 per share. DIS YTD mountain Disney YTD Disney reports before the bell Thursday, and its experiences business will be in focus as it has softened recently due to the recent hurricane activity that forced closures at Florida theme park locations and inflation-weary consumers. Disneyland Paris will likely see some negative impact from the Summer Olympics, which were held in the city during the quarter. Disney's direct-to-consumer business, however, should be a better story as profitability improves. Big content releases like the new season of the critically acclaimed television series "The Bear" and the movie "Inside Out 2," which did nearly $1.7 billion worldwide in the theaters, should help with subscriber numbers. As of Friday, consensus estimates are for Disney sales of $22.44 billion in fiscal Q4 and earnings of $1.10 per share. Week ahead Monday, Nov. 11 Before the bell earnings: Monday.com (MNDY), Aramark (ARMK) After the bell: IAC (IAC) Tuesday, Nov. 12 Before the bell: Home Depot (HD), Shopify (SHOP), Hertz (HTZ), Tyson Foods (TSN), AstraZeneca (AZN) After the bell: Spotify (SPOT), Occidental Petroleum (OXY), Rocket Companies (RKT), Skyworks (SWKS) Wednesday, Nov. 13 8:30 a.m. EST: Consumer price index After the bell: Cisco (CSCO), Beazer Homes (BZH) Thursday, Nov. 14 8:30 a.m. ET: Producer price index 8:30 a.m. ET: Initial jobless claims Before the bell: Disney (DIS), JD.com (JD), Advance Auto Parts (AAP) After the bell: Applied Materials (AMAT) Friday, Nov. 15 8:30 a.m. ET: Retail sales 9:15 a.m. ET: Industrial production and capacity utilization Before the bell: Alibaba (BABA) (See here for a full list of the stocks in Jim Cramer's Charitable Trust.) As a subscriber to the CNBC Investing Club with Jim Cramer, you will receive a trade alert before Jim makes a trade. Jim waits 45 minutes after sending a trade alert before buying or selling a stock in his charitable trust's portfolio. If Jim has talked about a stock on CNBC TV, he waits 72 hours after issuing the trade alert before executing the trade. THE ABOVE INVESTING CLUB INFORMATION IS SUBJECT TO OUR TERMS AND CONDITIONS AND PRIVACY POLICY , TOGETHER WITH OUR DISCLAIMER . NO FIDUCIARY OBLIGATION OR DUTY EXISTS, OR IS CREATED, BY VIRTUE OF YOUR RECEIPT OF ANY INFORMATION PROVIDED IN CONNECTION WITH THE INVESTING CLUB. NO SPECIFIC OUTCOME OR PROFIT IS GUARANTEED.

President Donald Trump looks on as his nominee for the chairman of the Federal Reserve Jerome Powell takes to the podium during a press event in the Rose Garden at the White House, November 2, 2017 in Washington, DC. Drew Angerer | Getty Images

### DATE: 
2024-11-10

### Summary: 
They had their best weeks of the year and their first positive weeks in the past three.
Only time will tell how the balance of power will play out and whether it's good or bad for the stock market.
Barring anything catastrophic, President Joe Biden and Vice President Harris will hand Trump the baton of a healthy economy with moderating inflation and a strong stock market.
As of Friday, consensus estimates call for Home Depot sales of $39.24 billion in the third quarter and earnings of $3.64 per share.
Jim waits 45 minutes after sending a trade alert before buying or selling a stock in his charitable trust's portfolio.

### Keywords: 
drive
earnings
sales
rally
market
bell
s
jim
depot
weeks
week
trumpfed
stock
nov
things

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 70


### TITLE: 
Trump ‘most likely’ needs 60 votes in Senate to enact tariff plan, Sen. Rick Scott suggests

### TEXT: 
President-elect Donald Trump proposed sweeping new tariffs while on the campaign trail. The self-proclaimed "Tariff Man" has said he could impose such levies on U.S. imports without Congress' approval.

There's debate among economists and other experts as to whether he could do so.

Sen. Rick Scott, R-Fla. — one of three lawmakers vying to succeed Sen. Mitch McConnell, R-KY, as Senate majority leader — suggested Sunday that Trump would probably need Congress' help.

"The tariffs, that most likely is going to require 60 [votes in the Senate] unless there's some way we can get that done through reciliation with 51 [votes]," Scott said on Fox News "Sunday Morning Futures."

Reconciliation is a way to pass tax and spending bills with a simple majority in the Senate. It avoids a filibuster, which requires 60 votes to overcome.

Control of the House of Representatives, which would need to pass such legislation, remains unclear.

A tariff is a tax on imported goods that is generally passed along to the consumer. Trump has vowed across-the-board tariffs of 10% to 20% on all imports arriving into the United States and at least a 60% tariff on Chinese imports.

He's proposed others, too, such as a tariff of at least 200% on vehicles from Mexico, and a similar amount on the company Deere & Co. if it were to shift some production from the U.S. to Mexico.

Economic experts dispute whether Trump's tariff plan, especially the tax on global imports, can be done via executive action.

Alan Wolff, former deputy director-general of the World Trade Organization, wrote in September that "Trump doesn't have the authority to do this."

However, Trump could "assert national security" or use "a lot of different things in the law" to potentially impose across-the-board tariffs, Jason Furman, a Harvard University professor and former chair of the Council of Economic Advisers during the Obama administration, told CNBC.

"Although," he added, "it would all end up in court."

### DATE: 
2024-11-10

### Summary: 
Sen. Rick Scott, R-Fla. — one of three lawmakers vying to succeed Sen. Mitch McConnell, R-KY, as Senate majority leader — suggested Sunday that Trump would probably need Congress' help.
"The tariffs, that most likely is going to require 60 [votes in the Senate] unless there's some way we can get that done through reciliation with 51 [votes]," Scott said on Fox News "Sunday Morning Futures."
It avoids a filibuster, which requires 60 votes to overcome.
Trump has vowed across-the-board tariffs of 10% to 20% on all imports arriving into the United States and at least a 60% tariff on Chinese imports.
Economic experts dispute whether Trump's tariff plan, especially the tax on global imports, can be done via executive action.

### Keywords: 
plan
needs
suggests
votes
senate
scott
imports
tariff
trump
sen
way
tax
rick
60
tariffs

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 71


### TITLE: 
The president's influence on the U.S. economy may be greatly exaggerated, according to experts

### TEXT: 
About 50% of Americans believe the result of the 2024 presidential election will directly affect their personal finances, according to a survey by financial services company Empower. And about 99% of voters in a Gallup survey said the economy was at least somewhat important in influencing their vote for the next president.

"Voters absolutely are using the economy as a metric by which to evaluate presidents," said John Kane, a clinical associate professor of politics at New York University. "People can eventually get this sort of picture in their minds of a president as kind of an economic wizard behind a curtain that's pulling levers, and we're just all on the receiving end."

But according to experts, the president's power over the economy might be exaggerated.

"There has been a tendency on the part of our society led by politicians to exaggerate the amount of power that the president wields," said Mark Hamrick, a senior economic analyst at Bankrate. "And that's encouraged by participants in these campaigns: 'You've got a problem? I'm going to solve it.'"

Watch the video above to discover how much influence the U.S. president has over the economy.

### DATE: 
2024-11-07

### Summary: 
About 50% of Americans believe the result of the 2024 presidential election will directly affect their personal finances, according to a survey by financial services company Empower.
And about 99% of voters in a Gallup survey said the economy was at least somewhat important in influencing their vote for the next president.
"Voters absolutely are using the economy as a metric by which to evaluate presidents," said John Kane, a clinical associate professor of politics at New York University.
But according to experts, the president's power over the economy might be exaggerated.
Watch the video above to discover how much influence the U.S. president has over the economy.

### Keywords: 
influence
thats
presidents
greatly
economy
according
power
survey
youve
experts
exaggerated
york
president
economic

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 72


### TITLE: 
House majority still in play as Republicans eye a red sweep

### TEXT: 
U.S. Speaker of the House Mike Johnson (R-LA) and U.S. House of Representatives Democratic Leader Hakeem Jeffries (D-NY).

The race to control the House is undecided, though Republicans are already expressing early optimism about securing a governing trifecta with their new Senate majority and freshly minted President-elect Donald Trump.

"As more results come in it is clear that, as we have predicted all along, Republicans are poised to have unified government in the White House, Senate and House," Republican House Speaker Mike Johnson said Wednesday in a statement.

That early confidence comes as Republicans need to win 12 more seats to maintain their majority, while Democrats need 33 more to flip control.

According to NBC News' race tracker, 20 key House districts remain uncalled. The others are so far unlikely to be flipped.

Among the remaining races are California's 47th Congressional District, Maine's 2nd and Alaska's at-large district, where Republicans are looking to pick up seats, along with California's 45th, one of the most expensive races in the country.

"The path to take back the majority now runs through too close to call pick-up opportunities," House Minority Leader Hakeem Jeffries, D-N.Y., said in a Wednesday statement. "The party that will hold the majority in the House of Representatives in January 2025 has yet to be determined. We must count every vote."

House GOP members entered the 2024 contest with a historically slim majority — 220 GOP seats to Democrats' 212 with three vacancies.

Democrats poured huge sums of money into House races, trying to flip the lower chamber. They far outspent their Republican rivals in many of the most competitive House races across the country.

### DATE: 
2024-11-06

### Summary: 
U.S. Speaker of the House Mike Johnson (R-LA) and U.S. House of Representatives Democratic Leader Hakeem Jeffries (D-NY).
"As more results come in it is clear that, as we have predicted all along, Republicans are poised to have unified government in the White House, Senate and House," Republican House Speaker Mike Johnson said Wednesday in a statement.
"The party that will hold the majority in the House of Representatives in January 2025 has yet to be determined.
Democrats poured huge sums of money into House races, trying to flip the lower chamber.
They far outspent their Republican rivals in many of the most competitive House races across the country.

### Keywords: 
play
seats
senate
majority
house
republicans
republican
sweep
races
eye
red
race
representatives
speaker

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 73


### TITLE: 
Tim Sheehy will defeat Sen. Jon Tester in Montana Senate election, NBC News projects

### TEXT: 
Montana Republican U.S. Senate candidate Tim Sheehy walks up to the stage during a rally for Republican presidential nominee, former U.S. President Donald Trump at the Brick Breeden Fieldhouse at Montana State University on August 9, 2024 in Bozeman, Montana.

Former President Donald Trump won a decisive victory over Vice President Kamala Harris in the presidential race , taking multiple key battleground states, and Republicans made gains in the Senate.

Sheehy, a former Navy SEAL and wealthy businessman, was heavily touted by the GOP as one of its strongest chances to pick up a Senate seat.

Tester, a farmer who had been elected to three terms in the Senate, was facing strong headwinds in winning reelection.

Sheehy, a 38-year-old who owns a company that fights fires from the air, this week struggled in an interview with radio host Megyn Kelly to explain a 2015 incident in which he went to a hospital after his handgun fired in Montana's Glacier National Park.

A park ranger said Sheehy told him he had accidentally shot himself in the arm, but Sheehy denies that, saying he went to the hospital because of fears that a bullet that was in his arm from a friendly fire incident in Afghanistan had become dislodged as a result of a fall of his in the park. He said he had not reported the claimed shooting incident in Afghanistan to his superiors at the time to avoid an investigation.

### DATE: 
2024-11-06

### Summary: 
Montana Republican U.S. Senate candidate Tim Sheehy walks up to the stage during a rally for Republican presidential nominee, former U.S. President Donald Trump at the Brick Breeden Fieldhouse at Montana State University on August 9, 2024 in Bozeman, Montana.
Former President Donald Trump won a decisive victory over Vice President Kamala Harris in the presidential race , taking multiple key battleground states, and Republicans made gains in the Senate.
Sheehy, a former Navy SEAL and wealthy businessman, was heavily touted by the GOP as one of its strongest chances to pick up a Senate seat.
Tester, a farmer who had been elected to three terms in the Senate, was facing strong headwinds in winning reelection.
He said he had not reported the claimed shooting incident in Afghanistan to his superiors at the time to avoid an investigation.

### Keywords: 
tim
senate
park
nbc
trump
republican
sheehy
sen
presidential
went
montana
incident
projects
jon
tester
election
president

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 74


### TITLE: 
Donald Trump defeats Kamala Harris to win 2024 presidential election

### TEXT: 
watch now

Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump will defeat his Democratic rival, Kamala Harris, and return to the White House for another four years, NBC News projects. After losing his reelection bid to President Joe Biden in 2020, Trump, the 45th president, will now become the 47th. Trump's victory marks a series of historic firsts. At 78, he is the oldest person ever to win a U.S. presidential election. He will be the first president in 132 years — since Grover Cleveland — to serve two nonconsecutive terms in office. And he emerged victorious from what is likely the most expensive presidential race in history. He is also the first president, current or former, ever to be convicted of crimes. He is the first twice-impeached president ever to win back the White House. He is the first president ever to take office while fending off criminal charges in multiple active federal and state cases. Trump's win denies Harris, the vice president, what would have been her own historic milestone: becoming the first woman president of the United States.

Democratic presidential candidate Vice President Kamala Harris speaks at a campaign event at the Erie Insurance Arena in Erie, Pennsylvania, on Oct. 14, 2024. Dustin Franz | Afp | Getty Images

It also represents a staggering political achievement for Trump's running mate, Sen. JD Vance of Ohio, who won his first election just two years earlier. Just 40 years old, Vance, a former Trump critic turned loyalist and top advocate for the president-elect's right-wing populist movement, is now first in the presidential line of succession. If Trump pursues his campaign promises, his second administration will soon set out to enact an ambitious, controversial agenda centered on deep tax cuts, mass deportations and reshaped relationships with foreign leaders. Trump has also vowed to impose heavy tariffs, claiming that they will simultaneously boost U.S. revenues, strengthen domestic industries and deter unwanted foreign competition. Mainstream economists have repeatedly warned that the tariffs, which are taxes paid by U.S. importers, will raise prices on American consumers. It remains to be seen to what extent Trump's presidential agenda will resemble the sum of his many claims as a candidate. He has vowed to pardon his supporters who violently rioted at the U.S. Capitol on Jan. 6, 2021. He has assured that he will quickly broker an end to Russia's invasion of Ukraine, a vague stance that threatens to undo the Biden administration's policy of strong support for Kyiv. He has said he would put Robert F. Kennedy Jr., a vocal vaccine skeptic, in charge of health policy, and tap billionaire Tesla CEO Elon Musk to propose trillions of dollars in government spending cuts. He has denied Democrats' warnings that he will behave in office like a dictator, "except for Day One."

A campaign like no other

Republican presidential candidate former President Donald Trump is surrounded by U.S. Secret Service agents at a campaign rally, Saturday, July 13, 2024, in Butler, Pa. Evan Vucci | AP

The campaign that delivered Trump's election was no less historic. Trump survived an assassination attempt in mid-July, when Thomas Matthew Crooks, a 20-year-old registered Republican who had donated to a Democratic group, opened fire with an AR-15-style rifle during a campaign rally in Pennsylvania. Crooks fatally shot one rally attendee, and one of his bullets grazed Trump's ear, streaking his face with blood. Trump's immediate reaction to the shooting — pumping his fist and defiantly telling his supporters to "fight!" as Secret Service agents rushed him off stage — instantly became a defining moment of the campaign. Just a few days later, the race was shaken up again. In late July, Harris, 60, was catapulted to the top of the Democratic presidential ticket after Biden announced he would no longer seek reelection.

### DATE: 
2024-11-06

### Summary: 
watch nowRepublican presidential nominee Donald Trump will defeat his Democratic rival, Kamala Harris, and return to the White House for another four years, NBC News projects.
At 78, he is the oldest person ever to win a U.S. presidential election.
Trump's win denies Harris, the vice president, what would have been her own historic milestone: becoming the first woman president of the United States.
Democratic presidential candidate Vice President Kamala Harris speaks at a campaign event at the Erie Insurance Arena in Erie, Pennsylvania, on Oct. 14, 2024.
It remains to be seen to what extent Trump's presidential agenda will resemble the sum of his many claims as a candidate.

### Keywords: 
office
defeats
win
2024
trumps
rally
kamala
harris
trump
presidential
campaign
election
donald
president
historic

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 75


### TITLE: 
Republicans will win Senate majority

### TEXT: 
Republicans are expected to regain majority control of the U.S. Senate in 2025, according to NBC News.

Democrats entered Tuesday's elections with 47 seats out of 100 in the Senate. But the four independents in the chamber caucus with Democrats, giving the party a one-seat majority.

Republicans arguably faced an easier path to regaining a Senate majority this election cycle, and are set to have at least 51 seats in the chamber in January, when members of Congress are sworn in.

The GOP was defending just 11 seats where candidates were seeking reelection, compared with 23 seats that Democrats were trying to retain.

In Ohio, Republican nominee Bernie Moreno was projected by NBC News to unseat incumbent Democratic Sen. Sherrod Brown, boosting the GOP effort.

### DATE: 
2024-11-06

### Summary: 
Republicans are expected to regain majority control of the U.S. Senate in 2025, according to NBC News.
Democrats entered Tuesday's elections with 47 seats out of 100 in the Senate.
But the four independents in the chamber caucus with Democrats, giving the party a one-seat majority.
Republicans arguably faced an easier path to regaining a Senate majority this election cycle, and are set to have at least 51 seats in the chamber in January, when members of Congress are sworn in.
The GOP was defending just 11 seats where candidates were seeking reelection, compared with 23 seats that Democrats were trying to retain.

### Keywords: 
seats
senate
majority
win
republicans
nbc
trying
tuesdays
gop
unseat
chamber
democrats

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 76


### TITLE: 
Nearly $1 billion has been spent on political ads over the last week

### TEXT: 
Republican presidential nominee, former U.S. President Donald Trump, greets supporters during a campaign rally at The Expo at World Market Center Las Vegas on September 13, 2024 in Las Vegas, Nevada.

With Election Day around the corner, there's been just shy of $1 billion spent on political ads up and down the ballot in the last week, data from the ad-tracking firm AdImpact shows.

The $994 million is close to one-tenth of the more than $10 billion that's been spent on political advertising so far since the start of 2023, spent across just seven days. And while Election Day may bring a temporary end to the spending onslaught that's seemingly dominated every television commercial break in recent weeks, it's not over yet: There's still more than $300 million in future advertising time booked between Sunday and Tuesday.

The most expensive race over the last week is, unsurprisingly, the presidential race, where more than $272 million has been spent on ads, according to data from AdImpact. Former President Donald Trump's campaign has narrowly outspent Vice President Kamala Harris' campaign $43.4 million to $40.7 million between Oct. 27 and Nov. 2, but Democratic super PACs helped the party narrowly outspend Republicans over that period in the presidential race.

### DATE: 
2024-11-03

### Summary: 
Republican presidential nominee, former U.S. President Donald Trump, greets supporters during a campaign rally at The Expo at World Market Center Las Vegas on September 13, 2024 in Las Vegas, Nevada.
With Election Day around the corner, there's been just shy of $1 billion spent on political ads up and down the ballot in the last week, data from the ad-tracking firm AdImpact shows.
The $994 million is close to one-tenth of the more than $10 billion that's been spent on political advertising so far since the start of 2023, spent across just seven days.
The most expensive race over the last week is, unsurprisingly, the presidential race, where more than $272 million has been spent on ads, according to data from AdImpact.
Former President Donald Trump's campaign has narrowly outspent Vice President Kamala Harris' campaign $43.4 million to $40.7 million between Oct. 27 and Nov. 2, but Democratic super PACs helped the party narrowly outspend Republicans over that period in the presidential race.

### Keywords: 
political
million
thats
ads
presidential
campaign
nearly
billion
week
spent
race
theres
president
vegas

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 77


### TITLE: 
Harris defends CHIPS Act after House Speaker Johnson suggests GOP would try to repeal law

### TEXT: 
Speaker of the House Mike Johnson and Vice President Kamala Harris stand in the House of Representatives ahead of US President Joe Biden's third State of the Union address to a joint session of Congress in the US Capitol in Washington, DC, USA, 07 March 2024. SHAWN THEW/Pool via REUTERS

Vice President Kamala Harris on Saturday criticized House Speaker Mike Johnson for suggesting that Republicans may try to repeal the CHIPS and Science Act if they win Congress, a remark he has since tried to walk back.

"I also want to speak to the comments that have been recently made by the speaker of the House," Harris said in Milwaukee to a group of reporters. "It is just further evidence of everything that I've actually been talking about for months now, about [former President Donald] Trump's intention to implement Project 2025."

"We've talked repeatedly about their intention to get rid of the Affordable Care Act. Now to get rid of the CHIPS Act," she added.

Speaker Johnson, R-La., made the comment at a Friday campaign event in New York for House Rep. Brandon Williams, R-N.Y., a vulnerable GOP candidate in one of the most closely watched House races of this election cycle.

"I expect that we probably will, but we haven't developed that part of the agenda yet," Johnson said in response to a reporter asking whether the GOP would try to repeal the law.

The CHIPS Act passed Congress with bipartisan support in 2022. The law has unlocked nearly $53 billion of funding to build up domestic manufacturing of semiconductors, which are crucial for the growth of strategic industries such as artificial intelligence. The federal government has announced more than $30 billion of investments under the law as of August.

Harris has turned manufacturing investment into one of the central planks of her economic platform.

"It is my plan and intention to continue to invest in American manufacturing, the work being done by American workers upholding and lifting up good union jobs," Harris said in Milwaukee. "That is the way we are going to win the competition with China for the 21st century."

### DATE: 
2024-11-02

### Summary: 
SHAWN THEW/Pool via REUTERSVice President Kamala Harris on Saturday criticized House Speaker Mike Johnson for suggesting that Republicans may try to repeal the CHIPS and Science Act if they win Congress, a remark he has since tried to walk back.
"I also want to speak to the comments that have been recently made by the speaker of the House," Harris said in Milwaukee to a group of reporters.
Now to get rid of the CHIPS Act," she added.
Speaker Johnson, R-La., made the comment at a Friday campaign event in New York for House Rep. Brandon Williams, R-N.Y., a vulnerable GOP candidate in one of the most closely watched House races of this election cycle.
The CHIPS Act passed Congress with bipartisan support in 2022.

### Keywords: 
suggests
intention
chips
defends
house
congress
harris
manufacturing
johnson
repeal
gop
try
act
law
president
speaker

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 78


### TITLE: 
Progressives gear up for their first big fight if Harris wins: Protecting Lina Khan

### TEXT: 
FTC Chairwoman Lina Khan (L), and Vice President Kamala Harris and Democratic Presidential Candidate. Reuters (L) | Getty Images (R)

Avoiding a confirmation fight

While the prospect of a Trump comeback has motivated progressives to rally around Harris in the near term, many still worry about the direction of the party, particularly as it welcomes more affluent and center-right voters who are turned off by the MAGA-infused GOP. Will Democrats continue to be a populist, worker-oriented party? Or will the electoral realignment cause them to start catering more to business? If Harris loses, Democrats will have bigger problems, of course. But if she wins, activists and party stakeholders will be looking at what she does with Khan as one clue about how she sees the future of the party. "It'd be a strategic blunder for Harris to pick an ugly fight over Lina Khan's future when there's already strong consensus among Democrats. Moderate senators like Bob Casey and Jackie Rosen are actively campaigning on the FTC's work to lower prices," said a Senate Democratic aide, who was granted anonymity to discuss a sensitive subject. "Progressives are ready to fight, but if Harris caves to her billionaire donors it will be her prosecutor brand and the entire Democratic Party that gets bruised in an unnecessary brawl." Cuban's call for Khan's ouster led Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez, D-N.Y., to issue a warning to the "billionaires ... trying to play footsie" with Harris: "Anyone goes near Lina Khan and there will be an out and out brawl. And that is a promise," she said on X. Sen. Bernie Sanders, I-Vt., also threw in for Khan, calling her "the best FTC chair in modern history." The Harris campaign declined to comment for this story. Progressives have inertia on their side. Khan, whose term expired last month, can remain in the role until she is replaced. Removing her would not only infuriate the left but it could provoke a confirmation fight with Senate Republicans over her replacement. Some in the progressive movement believe Harris should simply leave her there without going through confirmation again in the Senate if need be. Khan has broad support among Democrats and even some Republicans, including moderates outside the progressive movement. "Khan has a lot of allies in Congress," said Deiseroth. "Keeping her is the path of least resistance that will make the most people on the left happy." Meanwhile, the cryptocurrency industry and its allies also want to replace Gensler atop the SEC, since he has taken a skeptical view of the nascent industry. The main pro-Crypto super PAC Fairshake has spent more than $204 million on the 2024 elections, cultivating a slew of new allies in Congress and in Harris' orbit, including Cuban. Harris herself has said relatively little about her thoughts on cryptocurrency, which makes progressives worry that in the absence of strong views of her own, and little organized opposition from crypto skeptics, they could have a hard time being heard. Jeff Hauser, the founder of the progressive watchdog Revolving Door Project, said he's hoping Ohio Democratic Sen. Sherrod Brown, the current chair of the Senate Banking Committee, will win his tough re-election contest to serve as a countervailing voice inside the party. "The more an issue touches on crypto, the less confident I am in her team," he said.

Echoing campaign themes

### DATE: 
2024-10-31

### Summary: 
FTC Chairwoman Lina Khan (L), and Vice President Kamala Harris and Democratic Presidential Candidate.
"It'd be a strategic blunder for Harris to pick an ugly fight over Lina Khan's future when there's already strong consensus among Democrats.
Moderate senators like Bob Casey and Jackie Rosen are actively campaigning on the FTC's work to lower prices," said a Senate Democratic aide, who was granted anonymity to discuss a sensitive subject.
"Progressives are ready to fight, but if Harris caves to her billionaire donors it will be her prosecutor brand and the entire Democratic Party that gets bruised in an unnecessary brawl."
Removing her would not only infuriate the left but it could provoke a confirmation fight with Senate Republicans over her replacement.

### Keywords: 
party
fight
lina
senate
democratic
wins
harris
gear
khan
progressive
protecting
big
democrats
progressives

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 79


### TITLE: 
Why it would be difficult for Trump to reverse the 2024 election results

### TEXT: 
Republican presidential nominee, former U.S. President Donald Trump looks on during a roundtable with faith leaders at Christ Chapel on October 23, 2024 in Zebulon, Georgia.

Donald Trump has ramped up his baseless accusations that Democrats are plotting to "cheat" or "steal" the election, raising fears that the former president is setting the stage for an attempt to overturn the result if Vice President Kamala Harris wins.

But any effort to derail the electoral process would run up against an array of new guardrails this time around, legal experts say, making it unlikely that any such attempt would succeed. The new protections include: an electoral law Congress passed in the wake of the Jan. 6 insurrection, recent court rulings, more vigilance from state election officials and more aggressive law enforcement by agencies determined to avoid a repeat of violent scenes from the U.S. Capitol four years ago.

"It's very hard this time," said law professor Richard Hasen, an election expert at UCLA.

In 2020, Trump issued similar warnings before the vote. When he lost to Joe Biden, he lobbied officials in swing states to overturn the result, filed a flurry of lawsuits claiming fraud and demanded his vice president, Mike Pence, refuse to certify the result.

But state officials resisted his pressure, judges tossed out his team's lawsuits, and Pence defied Trump and carried out his constitutional duty to affirm the result of the vote.

Unlike in 2020, Trump is no longer the president and does not have the power of the executive branch at his disposal. And the bipartisan Electoral Count Reform Act, passed in 2022, tightened the process to cast and count electoral votes, gave federal courts a clear role to quickly resolve disputes and made it more difficult for lawmakers to raise frivolous objections.

Some attempts by pro-Trump groups to alter how votes are counted and certified have already failed, with judges rejecting the measures as illegal and unconstitutional. Last week, Georgia's Supreme Court rejected an effort by pro-Trump Republicans to introduce new election laws in the state, including one that would have required hand-counting of ballots and others that would have delayed the certification process.

If Trump sought to challenge the election results, he would have two potential paths to try to overturn the results, and both routes are "long shots," said Hasen, director of the Safeguarding Democracy Project at UCLA Law School.

One would be to try to delay certifying the results in certain counties or states by alleging irregularities or making other claims. Dozens of state and local election officials are now in office in swing states who have openly rejected the 2020 results, raising the possibility that they could refuse to certify the vote count or cause other delays.

But such efforts would most likely fizzle out, legal experts said. State secretaries of state and attorney generals in key states like Pennsylvania and Arizona have vowed to take local governments to court if they try to delay the process.

"You may still have some people trying to engage in these shenanigans," said Gowri Ramachandran of the Elections and Government Program at the Brennan Center for Justice at New York University School of Law. "But I think, ultimately, a combination of the state election officials, the attorney generals, who often represent them in court, and the courts themselves are going to tell people to just do their jobs and certify the correct results."

Last month, top officials in three swing states — Pennsylvania, Arizona and Wisconsin — said they are ready to take local government authorities to court if they refuse to certify the results.

"We would immediately take them to court to compel them to certify, and we're confident — because of how clear the election law is in Pennsylvania — that the courts would expeditiously require the counties to certify their election results," Pennsylvania Secretary of State Al Schmidt said.

### DATE: 
2024-10-29

### Summary: 
Republican presidential nominee, former U.S. President Donald Trump looks on during a roundtable with faith leaders at Christ Chapel on October 23, 2024 in Zebulon, Georgia.
But state officials resisted his pressure, judges tossed out his team's lawsuits, and Pence defied Trump and carried out his constitutional duty to affirm the result of the vote.
Unlike in 2020, Trump is no longer the president and does not have the power of the executive branch at his disposal.
If Trump sought to challenge the election results, he would have two potential paths to try to overturn the results, and both routes are "long shots," said Hasen, director of the Safeguarding Democracy Project at UCLA Law School.
One would be to try to delay certifying the results in certain counties or states by alleging irregularities or making other claims.

### Keywords: 
president
2024
difficult
state
certify
officials
trump
law
reverse
states
election
results
court

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 80


### TITLE: 
Abercrombie ex-CEO Mike Jeffries pleads not guilty in sex crimes case

### TEXT: 
In this article ANF Follow your favorite stocks CREATE FREE ACCOUNT

Former CEO of Abercrombie and Fitch, Mike Jeffries, walks out of federal court after his arraignment on charges with the trafficking of male models for sex parties around the world, in Central Islip, New York on October 25, 2024. Adam Gray | AFP | Getty Images

Former Abercrombie & Fitch CEO Mike Jeffries and his associate pleaded not guilty Friday to federal criminal charges that he sexually exploited dozens of men, many of whom sought to be models for the clothing brand. Jeffries, 80, and James Jacobson, 71, appeared in U.S. District Court in Long Island, New York, three days after being arrested on sex trafficking and interstate prostitution charges. The graphic 16-count indictment unsealed Tuesday accuses Jeffries and his romantic partner Matthew Smith, 61, of operating an international sex trafficking enterprise over more than six years, most of which overlapped with Jeffries' tenure as CEO of Abercrombie. Jacobson allegedly worked as a recruiter for the "Sex Events," and would allegedly require prospective candidates to participate in "tryouts" with him.

The defendants allegedly used "coercive, fraudulent and deceptive" recruiting tactics, including by leading men "to believe that attending the Sex Events could yield modeling opportunities with Abercrombie or otherwise benefit their careers," the indictment says. If convicted, Jeffries and Jacobson face a maximum sentence of life in prison on the sex trafficking charge alone, and a mandatory minimum of 15 years behind bars. They could also receive as much as 20 years behind bars if convicted on all 15 counts of interstate prostitution. "Today's hearing was procedural in nature, bond has been set to ensure Michael's appearance in court and of course we entered a plea of not guilty," Brian Bieber, an attorney for Jeffries, told CNBC in a phone call after the arraignment. Smith was also arrested Tuesday and faces the same charges. He and Jeffries were both arrested in Florida, while Jacobson was arrested in Wisconsin, where he lives. A federal magistrate judge released Jeffries on a $10 million bond, plus home confinement and location monitoring conditions, at his initial court appearance in West Palm Beach on Tuesday afternoon.

### DATE: 
2024-10-25

### Summary: 
Adam Gray | AFP | Getty ImagesFormer Abercrombie & Fitch CEO Mike Jeffries and his associate pleaded not guilty Friday to federal criminal charges that he sexually exploited dozens of men, many of whom sought to be models for the clothing brand.
Jeffries, 80, and James Jacobson, 71, appeared in U.S. District Court in Long Island, New York, three days after being arrested on sex trafficking and interstate prostitution charges.
The graphic 16-count indictment unsealed Tuesday accuses Jeffries and his romantic partner Matthew Smith, 61, of operating an international sex trafficking enterprise over more than six years, most of which overlapped with Jeffries' tenure as CEO of Abercrombie.
If convicted, Jeffries and Jacobson face a maximum sentence of life in prison on the sex trafficking charge alone, and a mandatory minimum of 15 years behind bars.
He and Jeffries were both arrested in Florida, while Jacobson was arrested in Wisconsin, where he lives.

### Keywords: 
sex
exceo
abercrombie
trafficking
charges
jacobson
arrested
mike
jeffries
ceo
case
federal
guilty
crimes
court
pleads

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 81


### TITLE: 
Giuliani ordered to hand over New York City apartment, Mercedes, luxury watches to defamation victims

### TEXT: 
Rudy Giuliani, the former personal lawyer for former U.S. President Donald Trump, speaks to the press as he leaves the E. Barrett Prettyman U.S. District Courthouse on December 11, 2023 in Washington, DC.

Former Donald Trump attorney Rudy Giuliani must hand over his ritzy Manhattan apartment, his collectible Mercedes-Benz and a slew of other treasures as part of the nearly $150 million judgment he owes two women he defamed after the 2020 election, a federal judge ruled Tuesday.

The list of luxury valuables Giuliani will soon lose also includes items signed by Yankees baseball legends Joe DiMaggio and Reggie Jackson, a diamond ring and more than two dozen watches.

Some of those assets are irreplaceable. The 1980 Mercedes was previously owned by famed actress Lauren Bacall, for instance, and one of the watches belonged to Giuliani's grandfather. Another watch was gifted to Giuliani by the president of France after the Sept. 11, 2001, terrorist attacks, when Giuliani was mayor of New York City.

Giuliani has seven days to hand over those items and more to a receivership controlled by former Georgia election workers Ruby Freeman and Wandrea "Shaye" Moss, Manhattan federal Judge Lewis Liman ruled.

Giuliani repeatedly targeted the two women with false election fraud claims as part of his efforts to overturn Trump's loss to President Joe Biden in the 2020 election.

Freeman and Moss sued Giuliani for defamation. In December, a federal jury in Washington, D.C., ordered the former mayor to pay them more than $148 million in punitive damages and for emotional distress and defamation.

Giuliani filed a Chapter 11 bankruptcy petition to shield himself from sudden financial ruin, but a New York federal bankruptcy judge dismissed his case.

Giuliani has appealed the defamation verdict in the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit, where the case is ongoing.

He has so far paid none of the nine-figure defamation judgment against him, and he has not obtained a court stay that would allow him to delay paying off that massive debt, Liman wrote in Tuesday's order.

Liman granted the election workers' request for an "immediate turnover" of Giuliani's stake in his penthouse apartment on Manhattan's tony Upper East Side.

Attorneys for Freeman and Moss had noted in a previous court filing that, "Before filing for bankruptcy, Mr. Giuliani had listed the New York Apartment for $5.7 million."

The fate of Giuliani's condominium in Palm Beach, Florida, meanwhile, will not be determined until a court hearing Oct. 28.

Liman also allowed the plaintiffs to pursue a debt that Giuliani says he is still owed for his work after the 2020 election, totaling about $2 million that Trump's 2020 campaign and the Republican National Committee have failed to pay.

Giuliani had asked to delay a ruling on the unpaid legal fees claim until after the Nov. 5 election, out of concern that Freeman and Moss "may use this assignment for an improper, political" purpose that causes an unnecessary "media frenzy."

Liman balked at that request.

### DATE: 
2024-10-22

### Summary: 
The 1980 Mercedes was previously owned by famed actress Lauren Bacall, for instance, and one of the watches belonged to Giuliani's grandfather.
Another watch was gifted to Giuliani by the president of France after the Sept. 11, 2001, terrorist attacks, when Giuliani was mayor of New York City.
Giuliani repeatedly targeted the two women with false election fraud claims as part of his efforts to overturn Trump's loss to President Joe Biden in the 2020 election.
Giuliani filed a Chapter 11 bankruptcy petition to shield himself from sudden financial ruin, but a New York federal bankruptcy judge dismissed his case.
Attorneys for Freeman and Moss had noted in a previous court filing that, "Before filing for bankruptcy, Mr. Giuliani had listed the New York Apartment for $5.7 million."

### Keywords: 
president
moss
city
luxury
hand
mercedes
million
giuliani
judge
2020
federal
ordered
defamation
watches
york
election
court
victims

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 82


### TITLE: 
Trump plan would make Social Security insolvent in just 6 years, budget group says

### TEXT: 
"We find President Trump's campaign proposals would dramatically worsen Social Security's finances," the CRFB budget group said in a blog post.

The Republican nominee's proposals would also expand Social Security's cash shortfall by trillions of dollars and lead to even steeper benefit cuts in the coming years, said US Budget Watch 2024, a project of the Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget.

Trump's agenda would make the popular government program, relied upon by millions of American seniors , insolvent in six years — shrinking the current timeline by a third, the group found.

The Trump campaign pushed back fiercely on the post.

"The so-called experts at CRFB have been consistently wrong throughout the years," spokeswoman Karoline Leavitt said in a statement to CNBC.

Trump "will continue to strongly protect Social Security in his second term," Leavitt said. She claimed that Democratic nominee Kamala Harris posed the real threat to the program's solvency, arguing that her policies would usher in a flood of undocumented immigrants that would "cause Social Security to buckle and collapse."

Only certain noncitizens are eligible to qualify for Supplemental Security Income benefits.

Social Security trust funds are set to be exhausted by Fiscal Year 2034, according to the Congressional Budget Office. Fiscal years begin in October.

The Social Security trustees' projections show the program's combined funds may only be able to pay full benefits until 2035. However, the trust fund Social Security relies on to pay retirement benefits may run out even sooner, in 2033.

Both Trump and Vice President Kamala Harris, the Democratic nominee, have vowed to "protect" Social Security and the government-run health insurance program Medicare, while opposing any cuts.

At the same time, Trump has vowed to enact a growing list of tax cuts targeting key groups of Americans.

He has proposed eliminating taxes on seniors' Social Security benefits, ending taxes on service workers' tips and overtime wages, lowering the corporate tax rate even further, and imposing sweeping across-the-board tariffs, which are taxes on imported goods.

The tax-cut plans, along with Trump's pledge to carry out mass deportations as soon as he takes office, "would all widen Social Security's cash deficits," the CRFB said in Monday's post.

Specifically, the group found that his agenda would:

Boost Social Security's 10-year shortfall by $2.3 trillion through FY 2035;

Accelerate its insolvency timeline to FY 2031 from FY 2034;

Cause a 33% across-the-board benefit cut in 2035 (up from the 23% cut the CBO currently projects);

Increase its annual shortfall by about 50% in FY 2035; and

Force an equivalent reduction of current benefits by about one third, or an increase in revenue by about one half, to restore Social Security's 75-year solvency.

Those findings are no surprise, given that Trump's plans involve cutting taxes that bring significant revenue to Social Security's trust funds, said Maria Freese, senior legislative representative at the National Committee to Preserve Social Security and Medicare.

"If you cut income taxes and cut payroll taxes, then you're going to have an impact on Social Security," Freese said.

"Depending on the proposal that you're looking at, it could have a dramatic impact over time, and particularly when you're looking at a trust fund depletion date that's within the decade anyway," she said.

The National Committee to Preserve Social Security and Medicare has endorsed Harris for president.

"I don't believe the Trump campaign is looking to undermine Social Security," said Andrew Biggs, senior fellow at the American Enterprise Institute and former principal deputy commissioner of the Social Security Administration. "I just don't believe it's front of mind for them as they put out various proposals."

While certain proposals directly affect Social Security, such as ending taxes on benefits or certain kinds of income, other policies, such as curbing immigration, would also have consequences for the program, he said.

"It is such a large program that any policy that changes the economy or the tax code is likely to have some effect on Social Security," Biggs said. "And likewise, Social Security is so big, any changes to Social Security will affect other things."

With Social Security's funding depletion dates approaching, both campaigns could provide more details on how they would reform the program, he said.

### DATE: 
2024-10-21

### Summary: 
"We find President Trump's campaign proposals would dramatically worsen Social Security's finances," the CRFB budget group said in a blog post.
Social Security trust funds are set to be exhausted by Fiscal Year 2034, according to the Congressional Budget Office.
"If you cut income taxes and cut payroll taxes, then you're going to have an impact on Social Security," Freese said.
"I don't believe the Trump campaign is looking to undermine Social Security," said Andrew Biggs, senior fellow at the American Enterprise Institute and former principal deputy commissioner of the Social Security Administration.
"And likewise, Social Security is so big, any changes to Social Security will affect other things."

### Keywords: 
plan
budget
group
taxes
insolvent
program
trump
social
cut
fy
trust
securitys
benefits
security

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 83


### TITLE: 
Trump again refuses to release current health records, as Harris questions his fitness

### TEXT: 
Republican presidential nominee, former U.S. President Donald Trump, addresses the media as he arrives at Detroit Metropolitan Wayne County Airport on October 18, 2024, in Detroit, Michigan.

Donald Trump on Friday dismissed more questions about whether he would release his current medical records, doubling down on refusing to provide a health update even as Kamala Harris works to sow doubts about his fitness for the presidency.

The 78-year-old Republican nominee, when asked if he will release his health records, suggested that he has already shared enough information about his medical status.

"Yeah, my health records – I've done five exams over the last four years. You've got them all," Trump told a reporter on an airport tarmac after landing in Detroit, Michigan, on Friday afternoon.

Trump then appeared to suggest that he was too busy campaigning against Vice President Harris, the Democratic nominee, to devote time to update his records.

"Obviously, I'm in the middle of a very big and very contentious fight," he said. "We're leading. I've given my health exams."

Trump added that he has "done cognitive tests twice, and I've aced them. Meaning a perfect score."

"I want to see her do a cognitive test because she couldn't ace because she wasn't born smart," he said, before walking away from the press.

The Trump campaign did not respond to CNBC's request for additional comment on Trump's remarks in Michigan.

Trump told CBS News in August that he would "very gladly" release his medical records, but his campaign has not done so.

Harris, who turns 60 on Sunday, released a detailed health report from her White House doctor on Oct. 12. That same day, Trump campaign spokesman Steven Cheung claimed in a statement that the Republican nominee "has voluntarily released" multiple health reports.

Cheung pointed to a three-paragraph letter from Dr. Bruce Aronwald, which was shared last November and related to an exam of Trump that was conducted more than a year ago.

Cheung also referred to two memos penned in July by Republican Rep. Ronny Jackson of Texas, who formerly served as Trump's White House physician. Those memos focused on the injury Trump sustained when he narrowly survived an assassination attempt at a July 13 campaign rally.

Harris, meanwhile, has recently ramped up her health-focused attacks on Trump, who would become the oldest person in U.S. history elected president if he prevails in the Nov. 5 election.

During a rally in North Carolina on Sunday, she put a spotlight on Trump's refusal to release a comprehensive health report, along with his decision not to agree to a second debate.

"It makes you wonder, why does his staff want him to hide away? One must question, one must question, are they afraid that people will see that he is too weak and unstable to lead America? Is that what's going on?" Harris said.

### DATE: 
2024-10-18

### Summary: 
Donald Trump on Friday dismissed more questions about whether he would release his current medical records, doubling down on refusing to provide a health update even as Kamala Harris works to sow doubts about his fitness for the presidency.
The 78-year-old Republican nominee, when asked if he will release his health records, suggested that he has already shared enough information about his medical status.
"Yeah, my health records – I've done five exams over the last four years.
Trump told CBS News in August that he would "very gladly" release his medical records, but his campaign has not done so.
That same day, Trump campaign spokesman Steven Cheung claimed in a statement that the Republican nominee "has voluntarily released" multiple health reports.

### Keywords: 
refuses
trumps
republican
trump
harris
medical
current
fitness
campaign
release
nominee
questions
records
president
health

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 84


### TITLE: 
Harris distances herself from Biden, bashes Trump in tense Fox News interview

### TEXT: 
Vice President and Democratic presidential candidate Kamala Harris arrives for a campaign event at the Dort Financial Center in Flint, Michigan, October 4, 2024.

Kamala Harris on Wednesday distanced herself from President Joe Biden and bashed her Republican presidential rival Donald Trump in a heated interview with Fox News anchor Brett Baier.

"Let me be very clear, my presidency will not be a continuation of Joe Biden's presidency," Harris said on the conservative news network, after Baier pressed her on whether the vice president would do anything differently than the incumbent.

"And like every new president that comes in to office, I will bring my life experiences, my professional experiences, and fresh and new ideas," the Democratic nominee said.

The 26-minute interview on Fox's "Special Report" was focused heavily on the issue of immigration, and Harris again blamed Trump for killing a bipartisan bill aimed at addressing the crisis at the southern border.

The interview was tense from the first exchange, when Baier repeatedly interrupted Harris' opening answer about immigration.

"You have to let me finish please ... I'm in the middle of responding to the point you're raising, and I'd like to finish," Harris said early on.

### DATE: 
2024-10-16

### Summary: 
Vice President and Democratic presidential candidate Kamala Harris arrives for a campaign event at the Dort Financial Center in Flint, Michigan, October 4, 2024.
Kamala Harris on Wednesday distanced herself from President Joe Biden and bashed her Republican presidential rival Donald Trump in a heated interview with Fox News anchor Brett Baier.
The 26-minute interview on Fox's "Special Report" was focused heavily on the issue of immigration, and Harris again blamed Trump for killing a bipartisan bill aimed at addressing the crisis at the southern border.
The interview was tense from the first exchange, when Baier repeatedly interrupted Harris' opening answer about immigration.
I'm in the middle of responding to the point you're raising, and I'd like to finish," Harris said early on.

### Keywords: 
finish
bashes
distances
biden
tense
trump
interview
harris
presidential
joe
presidency
fox
vice
president
experiences

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 85


### TITLE: 
Elon Musk gives pro-Trump PAC $75 million, announces Pennsylvania voter tour

### TEXT: 
Tesla and SpaceX CEO Elon Musk has rapidly become one of Donald Trump's top political donors, and he is now emerging as one of the Republican presidential nominee's most visible surrogates.

Musk, the world's richest man, has given nearly $75 million to America PAC, the super political action committee he created earlier this year largely to back Trump, new Federal Election Commission filings reveal. Nearly $72 million of that money has already been spent, the disclosure report shows.

The group's massive haul came entirely during the third quarter, between July and September. Musk is the only contributor listed during that period.

The PAC, which was formed in late May, reports having spent a total of $102 million on the presidential race so far, FEC filings show.

Unlike most super PACs, however, America PAC is not spending its money to reserve expensive television air time to run ads. Instead, the group's filings show that it is paying canvassers and funding direct mail, texts and phone banking.

### DATE: 
2024-10-16

### Summary: 
Musk, the world's richest man, has given nearly $75 million to America PAC, the super political action committee he created earlier this year largely to back Trump, new Federal Election Commission filings reveal.
Nearly $72 million of that money has already been spent, the disclosure report shows.
The PAC, which was formed in late May, reports having spent a total of $102 million on the presidential race so far, FEC filings show.
Unlike most super PACs, however, America PAC is not spending its money to reserve expensive television air time to run ads.
Instead, the group's filings show that it is paying canvassers and funding direct mail, texts and phone banking.

### Keywords: 
filings
announces
political
protrump
tour
gives
million
pac
elon
presidential
nearly
musk
super
spent
voter
money
pennsylvania

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 86


### TITLE: 
'Hope he's okay' — Harris mocks Trump over town hall music interlude, as he stonewalls on health records

### TEXT: 
Former US President and Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump listens during a town hall at the Greater Philadelphia Expo Center and Fairgrounds in Oaks, Pennsylvania, on October 14, 2024. Jim Watson | Afp | Getty Images

Kamala Harris mocked Donald Trump's behavior at an unusual campaign event, where the GOP presidential nominee cut short a question-and-answer session to listen to music with the crowd for nearly 40 minutes. "Hope he's okay," Harris, the Democratic nominee, wrote on X early Tuesday morning. The vice president's tweet was replying to her campaign X account's post saying, "Trump appears lost, confused, and frozen on stage as multiple songs play for 30+ minutes and the crowd pours out of the venue early." It was one of many posts by social media users that raised eyebrows over video from Monday night showing Trump swaying to music at his event outside Philadelphia. Trump, 78, in turn, on Tuesday suggested that Harris was unqualified to be president because of her minor allergies and hives, which were disclosed in health records she released this weekend. But Trump also doubled down on his refusal to release his own health records — which Harris and her running mate, Minnesota Gov. Tim Walz, have cited as they question his fitness for office. Trump's campaign event Monday night was billed as a town hall where Trump would take questions from South Dakota Gov. Kristi Noem. But the Q&A portion was disrupted twice by medical emergencies in the crowd. At one point, the song "Ave Maria" played on the speakers as Trump and Noem waited for medical workers to attend to a person. After the second interruption, Trump stopped taking questions. "Let's not do any more questions," Trump announced. "Let's just listen to music. Let's make it into a music. Who the hell wants to hear questions, right?"

Republican presidential nominee former U.S. President Donald Trump and South Dakota Governor Kristi Noem react during a town hall campaign event in Oaks, Pennsylvania, U.S., October 14, 2024. David Muse | Reuters

He then stood onstage facing the crowd, largely without speaking as a series of songs played through the venue's speakers. The music-listening portion of the evening went on for nearly 40 minutes. The songs included, "Time to Say Goodbye," by Andrea Bocelli, Sinead O'Connor's "Nothing Compares 2 U," Village People's "Y.M.C.A.," James Brown's "It's a Man's Man's Man's World," and Guns N' Roses' "November Rain." Trump left the stage to the sounds of "Memory" from the musical "Cats." Trump in a subsequent Truth Social post called the town hall "amazing!" "The Q and A was almost finished when people began fainting from the excitement and heat. We started playing music while we waited, and just kept it going," he said. "So different, but it ended up being a GREAT EVENING!" In other Truth Social posts early Tuesday, Trump claimed he was "far too busy campaigning to take time" to devote to medical exams. But he also asserted that he has "already provided them, many times, including quite recently, and they were flawless." And in another post later Tuesday, he declared, "MY REPORT IS PERFECT - NO PROBLEMS!!!" He told CBS News in August that he would "very gladly" release his medical records, but his campaign has yet to do so. When CNBC asked the Trump campaign for the records that Trump claims he has already provided, spokesman Steven Cheung referred to his statement from Saturday that said Trump has "voluntarily released updates" from multiple sources. He pointed to a note last November from Trump's personal physician, Bruce Aronwald, and two memos written in late July by former White House physician Ronny Jackson after Trump narrowly survived an assassination attempt at a campaign rally in Pennsylvania. "All have concluded he is in perfect and excellent health to be Commander in Chief," Cheung wrote. Aronwald's 11-month-old, glowing letter concluded that Trump is "in excellent health" and likely to "enjoy a health active lifestyle for years to come." But it offered few details about Trump's medical history. The memos by Jackson focused on the injury Trump sustained when a bullet grazed his ear at the July 13 rally. Jackson, now a Republican congressman who represents a Texas district, is one of Trump's most loyal supporters. Harris on Saturday released a letter from her White House doctor describing the 59-year-old vice president as being in "excellent health" and capable of carrying out the duties of the presidency.

Democratic presidential nominee and U.S. Vice President Kamala Harris waves as she arrives at Erie International Airport ahead of a campaign rally, in Erie, Pennsylvania, U.S., October 14, 2024. Evelyn Hockstein | Reuters

Harris' medical history includes seasonal allergies and hives, but she has never experienced severe symptoms, Dr. Joshua Simmons wrote in the two-page letter. After taking an antihistamine and an allergy medication, both issues have "improved dramatically" to the point that Harris has not needed any medication to manage her symptoms apart from an occasional nasal spray, Simmons wrote. A day after releasing her records, Harris blasted Trump at a campaign rally in North Carolina. "He refuses to release his medical records," Harris said at the rally on Sunday. She also mocked Trump for recently ducking an interview with CBS' "60 Minutes" and for declining to debate her a second time. "Why does his staff want him to hide away?" she asked. "Are they afraid that people will see that he is too weak and unstable to lead America?" Trump tried to flip that script on Harris on Tuesday.

### DATE: 
2024-10-15

### Summary: 
But Trump also doubled down on his refusal to release his own health records — which Harris and her running mate, Minnesota Gov.
Trump's campaign event Monday night was billed as a town hall where Trump would take questions from South Dakota Gov.
He told CBS News in August that he would "very gladly" release his medical records, but his campaign has yet to do so.
A day after releasing her records, Harris blasted Trump at a campaign rally in North Carolina.
"He refuses to release his medical records," Harris said at the rally on Sunday.

### Keywords: 
stonewalls
rally
trumps
hope
trump
harris
medical
campaign
okay
interlude
town
music
hes
mocks
records
president
health

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 87


### TITLE: 
Trump tariffs: Trade rep Lighthizer warns Wall Street to be prepared

### TEXT: 
Robert Lighthizer, former US trade representative, speaks during an event with former US President Donald Trump, not pictured, at Precision Components Group in York, Pennsylvania, US, on Monday, Aug. 19, 2024.

Donald Trump's longtime trade adviser is apparently telling Wall Street money managers that if the Republican presidential nominee is reelected, he could start implementing his sweeping tariff proposals quickly after taking office, according to policy analysts at Piper Sandler.

"We've heard from a number of clients that Trump's former US Trade Representative, Robert Lighthizer, has been meeting with investor groups and telling them that Trump could announce 60% Chinese tariffs and 10% across-the-board tariffs shortly after taking office," wrote the trio of research analysts at the investment bank in a note Friday.

Asked about the note, Trump campaign press secretary Karoline Leavitt did not deny that Lighthizer has been meeting with investors. But she cautioned, "No policy should be deemed official unless it comes from President Trump directly."

It was not immediately clear which groups have spoken with Lighthizer, and the Piper Sandler analysts did not reply to a request from CNBC for more details. But clients of the firm would likely be large asset management firms that pay for its stock and economic research.

Lighthizer is advising Trump's presidential campaign on economic issues, according to Inside U.S. Trade.

A key player in crafting and enacting Trump's first-term trade policies, Lighthizer is also seen as a top prospect for a number of senior posts in a potential Trump Cabinet, including commerce secretary and treasury secretary.

He currently serves as chair of the Center for American Trade at the Trump-aligned Washington think tank, America First Policy Institute. A spokesperson for AFPI did not reply to a request for comment. Lighthizer is also a director of Trump Media, the publicly traded social media company that is majority owned by the former president.

Lighthizer's reported conversations, and his apparent influence with Trump, both underscore how central tariffs are to carrying out Trump's overall economic vision.

Numerous economists and tax experts have warned that Trump's expansive tariff plans will raise prices, lower U.S. gross domestic product and hurt employment in key industries.

Democratic presidential nominee Kamala Harris has repeatedly cited a progressive group's analysis that Trump's tariffs could equate to a nearly $4,000 tax increase for the average U.S. family.

The Trump campaign stressed to CNBC that Trump's tariff ideas should be viewed in concert with his broader plans, which include slashing regulations, ramping up U.S. oil drilling and deporting millions of undocumented immigrants.

Republican National Committee spokeswoman Anna Kelly also noted that Harris and President Joe Biden have maintained, and in some cases boosted, many of the tariffs from Trump's first term in office.

"Harris has always opposed tariffs because she can't be trusted to put workers first, but President Trump will re-shore American jobs, keep inflation low, and raise real wages by lowering taxes, cutting regulations, and unshackling American energy," Kelly told CNBC in a statement.

### DATE: 
2024-10-12

### Summary: 
Asked about the note, Trump campaign press secretary Karoline Leavitt did not deny that Lighthizer has been meeting with investors.
But she cautioned, "No policy should be deemed official unless it comes from President Trump directly."
Lighthizer is advising Trump's presidential campaign on economic issues, according to Inside U.S. Trade.
Lighthizer is also a director of Trump Media, the publicly traded social media company that is majority owned by the former president.
Lighthizer's reported conversations, and his apparent influence with Trump, both underscore how central tariffs are to carrying out Trump's overall economic vision.

### Keywords: 
trade
groups
trumps
tariff
trump
presidential
lighthizer
street
rep
warns
wall
policy
prepared
tariffs
president

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 88


### TITLE: 
Justice Department sues Virginia over effort to reduce voter rolls close to Election Day

### TEXT: 
Virginia Governor Glenn Youngkin speaks on Day 1 of the Republican National Convention (RNC) at the Fiserv Forum in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, U.S., July 15, 2024.

The Justice Department announced Friday that it is suing Virginia over its efforts to purge voter rolls within 90 days of an election, calling the state's actions a violation of federal voting laws.

The suit comes about two months after Republican Gov. Glenn Youngkin signed an executive order requiring the state's Department of Elections to conduct daily updates to its voting list, including comparing the list of identified "non-citizens" to the state's existing list of registered voters.

Local officials are required to notify people found on both lists that their voter registration will be canceled if they fail to respond to the notice and affirm their citizenship within 14 days.

According to the Justice Department, some of the people identified as non-citizens are in fact U.S. citizens, leading to some voter registrations being cancelled unnecessarily.

"The Commonwealth's unlawful actions here have likely confused, deterred, and removed U.S. citizens who are fully eligible to vote —the very scenario that Congress tried to prevent when it enacted the Quiet Period Provision," the DOJ said in its suit, referring to the purging of voter rolls within 90 days of Election Day.

In a statement, Youngkin called the lawsuit "politically motivated" and a "desperate attempt" to attack the election's legitimacy.

"Virginians — and Americans — will see this for exactly what it is: a desperate attempt to attack the legitimacy of the elections in the Commonwealth, the very crucible of American Democracy," Youngkin said.

Virginia's Department of Elections and elections commissioner — both named in the lawsuit — did not immediately respond to requests for comment Friday evening.

This is the second DOJ lawsuit in the past month against a state for alleged violations of a provision of the National Voter Registration Act that says while states have the prerogative to clean their voter rolls for various reasons, they cannot conduct systematic removals so close to a federal election as those predominantly affected are often naturalized Americans.

The DOJ sued the State of Alabama in September over alleged violations of the so-called Quiet Provision.

### DATE: 
2024-10-11

### Summary: 
Virginia Governor Glenn Youngkin speaks on Day 1 of the Republican National Convention (RNC) at the Fiserv Forum in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, U.S., July 15, 2024.
The Justice Department announced Friday that it is suing Virginia over its efforts to purge voter rolls within 90 days of an election, calling the state's actions a violation of federal voting laws.
According to the Justice Department, some of the people identified as non-citizens are in fact U.S. citizens, leading to some voter registrations being cancelled unnecessarily.
In a statement, Youngkin called the lawsuit "politically motivated" and a "desperate attempt" to attack the election's legitimacy.
Virginia's Department of Elections and elections commissioner — both named in the lawsuit — did not immediately respond to requests for comment Friday evening.

### Keywords: 
sues
effort
virginia
elections
rolls
provision
justice
day
lawsuit
list
voter
reduce
states
election
youngkin
department

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 89


### TITLE: 
Kalshi expands Trump, Harris election bet options, adds Senate races; CFTC objects

### TEXT: 
Other contracts available for betting Wednesday included the outcomes of individual Senate races, which state would be the tipping point in the presidential election, which presidential candidates would win individual swing states, and the margin of victory in the race for the White House.

As of Wednesday, more than $3 million had been wagered in political contracts on Kalshi's site, the lion's share of which was on contracts of whether Vice President Kamala Harris or former President Donald Trump would win the presidential election.

A day later, Kalshi offered a contract for customers to bet on the winner of the presidential election, and potentially hedging any losses a customer might incur.

The new contracts were added to Kalshi's platform within days of a favorable federal appeals court ruling for the company Oct 2. The ruling lifted a temporary injunction that had blocked Kalshi from offering contracts on which political parties would control each chamber of Congress after the November elections.

Contract market KalshiEx has listed more than two dozen new options in recent days for the exchange's customers to bet on political outcomes, including the presidential race , the popular vote and Electoral College margins of that race, and individual Senate contests.

"It's been great, there's been a tremendous demand, " Kalshi CEO Tarek Mansour said in an interview, about the response to the exchange's new political contract options.

Adding those options "was always the plan," said Mansour, as the company fought a ban on these types of contracts enacted by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission.

For Mansour, the betting contracts for political outcomes represent a way for investors to hedge against the broader financial impacts of one political outcome over another — not a means to influence the elections themselves.

"Each of these markets capture different risks," he said. A president imposing tariffs, for example, could affect a customer's financial situation.

He said Kalshi's political outcome contracts are a more direct way to hedge such risks than the "bundles" of trades that investment banks offer, designed to give customers a hedge against the election of a certain presidential candidate.

"We have a healthy mix of both" customers looking to hedge financial risks and speculators, he said.

"Everything Kalshi is doing is within the law and regulated," Mansour said, noting that the exchange has to keep records about its customers that are available to the federal government.

"We believe the law is on our side," he said.

The CFTC disagrees.

Kalshi has "gone full throttle on election betting," the CFTC said in a filing Tuesday with the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit.

Even more political races could soon become available for betting with Kalshi contracts, the CFTC said, citing contract terms published on the exchange's web site. Among them are the 435 individual House races and more state-level gubernatorial races.

"Some of these blatantly contradict Kalshi's own arguments at the Court's recent hearing — that its contracts are not gaming, because they are based on economically significant events," the CFTC said in its filing.

"This cannot be said of a contract betting on whether a particular state will have the closest popular vote margin, or a contract on the winner of the popular vote, to name two."

The CFTC's filing supported a prior request by the regulator that the appeals court expedite the agency's appeal of a lower-court ruling that allowed Kalshi to accept bets on the outcomes of political races.

A CFTC spokesman declined to comment to CNBC about the case. But the commission argues that Kalshi's contracts might cast doubt on the integrity of elections.

A federal district court judge in Washington, D.C., ruled last month that the CFTC's ban on Kalshi's congressional contracts was not valid, because the regulator had erred in finding that the contracts involved gaming or gambling.

The appeals court initially blocked that judge's ruling from taking effect, which meant Kalshi could not offer any political contracts.

But in last week's ruling, a three-judge panel of the appeals court lifted the original ban, saying the CFTC "has failed at this time to demonstrate that it or the public will be irreparably injured" if the contracts were offered while the agency continued its appeal of the judge's decision.

Appeals Court Judge Patricia Millett noted in the ruling that "the question on the merits" of the CFTC's appeal is "close and difficult," giving the regulator a reason to hope that its ban on political contracts will eventually be reimposed.

### DATE: 
2024-10-09

### Summary: 
The new contracts were added to Kalshi's platform within days of a favorable federal appeals court ruling for the company Oct 2.
"It's been great, there's been a tremendous demand, " Kalshi CEO Tarek Mansour said in an interview, about the response to the exchange's new political contract options.
Even more political races could soon become available for betting with Kalshi contracts, the CFTC said, citing contract terms published on the exchange's web site.
But the commission argues that Kalshi's contracts might cast doubt on the integrity of elections.
The appeals court initially blocked that judge's ruling from taking effect, which meant Kalshi could not offer any political contracts.

### Keywords: 
political
senate
objects
election
trump
harris
presidential
races
cftc
ruling
kalshis
options
contract
expands
customers
kalshi
contracts
court

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 90


### TITLE: 
House GOP chairman demands FEMA accountability for Hurricane Helene after flooding claims more than 200 lives

### TEXT: 
A pile of damaged belongings and debris lay on the side of Broad Street on October 4, 2024 in Camden, North Carolina.

The chairman of a House Homeland Security subcommittee is asking the Federal Emergency Management Agency to detail what it did to prepare for Hurricane Helene after it became clear there would be catastrophic flooding.

Helene made landfall in Big Bend, Florida, on Sept. 26, causing flooding that devastated North Carolina, Tennessee and other Southern states and claimed more than 200 lives.

In a letter sent Saturday, Rep. Anthony D'Esposito, chairman of the House Emergency Management and Technology Subcommittee, asked FEMA Administrator Deanne Criswell for "information regarding FEMA's advanced forecasting models, its pre-positioning of resources, and its coordination with federal, state, and local partners in response."

A spokesperson for FEMA confirmed to NBC News that the agency received the letter and will work with Congress on Hurricane Helene efforts.

D'Esposito, R-N.Y., cited a local official from Buncombe County, North Carolina, who claimed that water was requested before the storm started but was delayed, further exacerbating the water shortage in Asheville.

At Monday's White House briefing, homeland security adviser Liz Sherwood-Randall told reporters that FEMA focused its pre-positioning efforts in the Big Bend, Florida, area, and that this effort saved lives. Post-landfall, it "surged capacity to where it was needed the most." She noted that western North Carolina has now been identified as the area that was hardest hit.

While former President Donald Trump has been sharply critical of FEMA and the administration's overall response to Helene, even going so far as to boost misinformation about the agency, other North Carolina Republicans have praised the federal government's actions.

On Friday, Sen. Thom Tillis defended the agency, telling reporters: "They're doing a great job. They can always work harder, there's always kinks in the slinky, we're working them out behind the scenes, but I think we're all here to send a message that we're working together, and I'm pretty proud of the effort that's been done."

"Now, will I be silent in any areas where we can do better? No, but right now, I'm out here to say that we're doing a good job," he added.

Rep. Chuck Edwards, a Republican who represents most of western North Carolina, had criticized the federal government's response at the beginning of the week, but by Friday he had written a letter to his constituents describing how his complaints had been immediately addressed.

"I was hearing from county after county that FEMA and the state were not filling their food and water needs quick enough and there was barely any cell service," he wrote. "After trying to work through FEMA and NC Emergency Management with little luck, I demanded the White House immediately get three pallets of water and two pallets of meals, ready to eat (MREs) delivered to each of our seven, hardest hit counties, and 20 pallets of MREs and 20 pallets of water for Buncombe County to hold them over until state resources were finally delivered. All 75 pallets were delivered same day."

Edwards says he also demanded temporary cell towers for six counties and all six received at least a temporary cell tower within the same day.

The agency has already provided more than $110 million in federal assistance to help thousands of survivors begin their recovery, the spokesperson told NBC News. More than 6,400 federal personnel, including FEMA staff, are deployed in the affected areas. FEMA has distributed more than 13.2 million meals, 13.4 million liters of water, 157 generators, and more than 492,000 tarps to support recovery efforts in the region, according to the FEMA spokesperson.

### DATE: 
2024-10-05

### Summary: 
A pile of damaged belongings and debris lay on the side of Broad Street on October 4, 2024 in Camden, North Carolina.
Helene made landfall in Big Bend, Florida, on Sept. 26, causing flooding that devastated North Carolina, Tennessee and other Southern states and claimed more than 200 lives.
A spokesperson for FEMA confirmed to NBC News that the agency received the letter and will work with Congress on Hurricane Helene efforts.
D'Esposito, R-N.Y., cited a local official from Buncombe County, North Carolina, who claimed that water was requested before the storm started but was delayed, further exacerbating the water shortage in Asheville.
She noted that western North Carolina has now been identified as the area that was hardest hit.

### Keywords: 
lives
helene
house
county
flooding
claims
hurricane
chairman
demands
work
gop
fema
federal
water
north
carolina
agency
pallets

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 91


### TITLE: 
Helene recovery could cost $34 billion. Here's who might pay for it.

### TEXT: 
An aerial picture taken on September 28, 2024, shows storm damage in the aftermath of Hurricane Helene in Valdosta, Georgia. John Falchetto | Afp | Getty Images

The devastation wrought by Hurricane Helene across the southeastern United States could cost upwards of $34 billion, according to early estimates from Moody's Analytics. And due to the eroded state of the private insurance landscape in some affected areas, Congress may have to foot the bulk of the bill. "I wouldn't be surprised if [Helene] sends another monkey wrench into the insurance market," Moody's chief economist Mark Zandi told CNBC. Uprooted trees, winds of 140 miles per hour winds and mass flooding ravaged towns and cities in Florida, Georgia, North Carolina, South Carolina, Virginia and Tennessee over the past week. As of Thursday, the storm had killed more than 200 people and left hundreds more missing. Nearly 1 million people remained without power.

Teams work on the damaged areas after hurricane Helene hits the Asheville along with the western part of North-Carolina in Asheville, United States on September 30, 2024. Peter Zay | Anadolu | Getty Images

The Moody's report, released as Helene was making landfall last week, estimated that property damage could cost between $15 billion to $26 billion. And the resulting economic slowdown could cost $5 billion to $8 billion in productivity losses. These initial estimates are low and will likely be revised higher as the full scope of the storm's damage comes into view, Zandi told CNBC. Most of the damage from Helene is attributable to storm surges and river flooding. That means flood insurance, not standard property insurance, is supposed to cover the damage, according to Mark Friedlander, spokesman for the Insurance Information Institute. That is a problem, Friedlander said, because "many of the hardest-hit areas of the Southeast and southern Appalachia have very low flood insurance take-up rates."

A house along the Broad River in the aftermath of Hurricane Helene on October 1, 2024 in Bat Cave, North Carolina. Sean Rayford | Getty Images

Only about 6% of U.S. homeowners have flood insurance through either a private company or the congressionally funded National Flood Insurance Program, despite 90% of natural disasters involving flooding, he said. The Federal Emergency Management Agency, which in the past year has operated on a tight budget, has been coordinating the recovery response to Helene. On Aug. 7, FEMA triggered its "Immediate Needs Funding" status as money ran low in its Disaster Relief Fund. That meant the agency would only spend on immediate disasters and paused its longer-term rebuilding efforts across the country. On Tuesday, FEMA got a much-needed $20 billion cash infusion after Congress' stopgap funding bill went into effect. But as government officials assess the full scale of Helene's damage, they are expressing an increasing need for Congress to pass a supplemental disaster relief funding package, which was stripped out of its temporary spending resolution. That could take some time as Congress is on recess until Nov. 12. President Joe Biden said Monday he "may have to request" that Congress end its recess early and return to Washington, a rare move, to pass funding for additional disaster relief.

US President Joe Biden (2R) participates in a tour and briefing of an area affected by Hurricane Helene in Keaton Beach, Florida, on October 3, 2024. Mandel Ngan | AFP | Getty Images

Several lawmakers from the impacted states, including Rep. Wiley Nickel, D-N.C., echoed that call later Monday, urging their colleagues to return to Capitol Hill to vote for that funding. Florida Republican Sen. Rick Scott agreed, but said Congress should return after FEMA gives firm dollar amount for what is needed. Rep. Mark Amodei, R-Nev., told CNBC he does not believe Congress needs to end its recess early because FEMA is still assessing its initial funding request.

### DATE: 
2024-10-03

### Summary: 
An aerial picture taken on September 28, 2024, shows storm damage in the aftermath of Hurricane Helene in Valdosta, Georgia.
John Falchetto | Afp | Getty ImagesThe devastation wrought by Hurricane Helene across the southeastern United States could cost upwards of $34 billion, according to early estimates from Moody's Analytics.
Teams work on the damaged areas after hurricane Helene hits the Asheville along with the western part of North-Carolina in Asheville, United States on September 30, 2024.
A house along the Broad River in the aftermath of Hurricane Helene on October 1, 2024 in Bat Cave, North Carolina.
US President Joe Biden (2R) participates in a tour and briefing of an area affected by Hurricane Helene in Keaton Beach, Florida, on October 3, 2024.

### Keywords: 
cost
helene
funding
congress
pay
getty
damage
hurricane
flood
billion
fema
insurance
recovery
34
heres

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 92


### TITLE: 
Kalshi resumes taking bets on U.S. election after appeals court lifts freeze

### TEXT: 
watch now

The commodities exchange KalshiEx resumed taking bets on the outcome of the 2024 congressional election Wednesday, hours after a federal appeals court in Washington, D.C., lifted a legal freeze on such contracts. And Kalshi's website says the exchange on Thursday will begin accepting bets on the outcome of the presidential election between Republican nominee Donald Trump and Vice President Kamala Harris. The appeals court in a decision rejected an effort by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to prohibit Kalshi from offering "Congressional Control Contracts" while the federal agency appealed a lower court's ruling that had given a green light for such bets. The CFTC is continuing to appeal that lower court ruling, and later Wednesday asked the appeals court to expedite its case, and schedule oral arguments for early December, a month after Election Day. Kalshi's website as of Wednesday evening showed two types of events-based contracts related to the control of each chamber of Congress. A total of $45,000 of contracts had been purchased as of 9:44 p.m. ET on contracts related to "Which Party will win the Senate," with 75% of those bets predicting Republicans will regain control of that chamber, and 25% predicting that Democrats will retain their majority. Another $20,000 had been wagered on "Which party will win the House," with 63% of the bets on Democrats regaining control, and the remainder on Republicans. A separate page on the exchange's site featured the question, "Who will win the Presidency?" but was not accepting bets on either Trump or Harris, as of Wednesday evening. Instead, that page had a link that said, "Notify me," with a countdown clock showing fewer than 19 hours remaining on it. The link connects to pages where users can create Kalshi accounts.

The CFTC in legal filings argues that the contracts might cast doubt on the integrity of elections. But in its ruling Wednesday, a three-judge panel of the U.S. Appeals Court for the District of Columbia Circuit said the CFTC "has failed to at this time to demonstrate that it or the public will be irreparably injured" without a stay on the contracts being offered during its appeal; Judge Patricia Millett, who wrote the 15-page ruling, said the agency could renew its emergency bid to block the contracts pending resolution of the appeal "should substantiating evidence arise." There were no dissents on the decision in favor of KalshiEx, which offers customers contracts that can hedge the risk of certain events occurring. The contracts at issue in the case are bets on predictions of which political party will control the Senate and the House of Representatives at a future, specified date. On Wednesday, Kalshi's co-founder Tarek Mansour in a social media post touting the ruling suggested the exchange might offer contracts on the outcome of the U.S. presidential election. Kalshi would allow individuals or entities to invest up to $100 million per congressional contract, he wrote. The CFTC opposes the contracts because of concerns they could be used by foreign individuals or governments "directly or indirectly to manipulate the election-contract market," despite Kalshi's claim that only U.S. residents would be allowed to invest, the ruling noted. But Millett wrote, "While the question on the merits is close and difficult, the Commission cannot obtain a stay at this time because it has not demonstrated that it or the public will be irreparably harmed while its appeal is heard." "That failure is fatal to the Commission's stay request because a showing of irreparable harm is a necessary prerequisite for a stay," the judge wrote. The CFTC declined to comment on the ruling, but noted that "this is for our request for an emergency stay. Not the appeal itself." KalshiEx did not immediately respond to a request for comment. The non-profit investor advocacy group Better Markets blasted the appeals panel's decision. "The court's order will allow betting on an incredibly close and contentious race just weeks before the election. That makes this a sad and ominous day for election integrity in the United States," said Stephen Hall, legal director of Better Markets. "The Court concluded that the CFTC had failed to show that the agency or the public would be irreparably harmed if trading went ahead while the appeal is heard. Yet, the Court conceded the various threats of election and market manipulation posed by the contract," Hall said. "Moreover, it acknowledged that the merits were 'close and difficult,' suggesting the CFTC has a decent chance of winning ultimately. The record clearly includes concrete examples of election interference, which substantiates the threat of irreparable harm. Under these circumstances, and with so much at stake, the Court could have and should have gone the other way."

Elections vs. gaming

The CFTC had barred KalshiEx from listing its congressional contracts on the exchange, which the commission regulates, on the ground that they would violate the laws of many states that ban gambling on elections.

This illustration photo shows money and gambling dice in front of a screen showing political market odds, in Los Angeles on November 1, 2023. Chris Delmas | Afp | Getty Images

### DATE: 
2024-10-02

### Summary: 
watch nowThe commodities exchange KalshiEx resumed taking bets on the outcome of the 2024 congressional election Wednesday, hours after a federal appeals court in Washington, D.C., lifted a legal freeze on such contracts.
The CFTC is continuing to appeal that lower court ruling, and later Wednesday asked the appeals court to expedite its case, and schedule oral arguments for early December, a month after Election Day.
Kalshi's website as of Wednesday evening showed two types of events-based contracts related to the control of each chamber of Congress.
Yet, the Court conceded the various threats of election and market manipulation posed by the contract," Hall said.
Under these circumstances, and with so much at stake, the Court could have and should have gone the other way."

### Keywords: 
taking
stay
control
election
bets
resumes
ruling
cftc
freeze
appeal
lifts
appeals
kalshi
contracts
court

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 93


### TITLE: 
The politics of tariffs are complicated. A Democrat just introduced a bill to make Trump's proposals law.

### TEXT: 
Rep. Jared Golden, D-Maine, participates in the Bipartisan Defending Borders, Defending Democracies Act news conference in the U.S. Capitol on Wednesday, March 06, 2024.

Former President Donald Trump calls himself a "tariff man" and says the taxes on imported goods "are the greatest thing ever invented," so it's no surprise Vice President Kamala Harris has attacked the centerpiece of the GOP nominee's economic agenda as bad policy.

What's more surprising, however, is that one House Democratic just introduced a bill to codify Trump's 10% across-the-board tariffs, revealing how the long-dormant trade policy splits both parties.

Tariffs can trace their roots to ancient Athens and other historical civilizations and were the main source of revenue for the federal government until 1914, when the income tax supplanted them. But they largely fell out of favor during the late 20th century as the U.S. led a global free trade revolution.

Knocking down trade barriers slashed the cost of consumer goods and grew many economies around the world. But critics say unfettered free trade also decimated American manufacturing and the well-paid, often unionized, jobs that came with it since domestic factories were unable to compete with the lower costs of making things abroad.

"Other countries are going to finally, after 75 years, pay us back for all that we've done for the world, and the tariff will be substantial," Trump said said this week.

Rep. Jared Golden, a heterodox moderate Democrat from Maine who is facing a tough re-election this year, introduced the bill Wednesday with the aim of promoting domestic manufacturing and limiting U.S. reliance on foreign goods.

"While it is undoubtedly true that Pres. Trump is the first in my lifetime to lead on tariffs, he's hardly the first one to think about it," said Golden in an interview. "Our Founding Fathers understood in the earliest years of the nation that we should avoid becoming a nation of consumers of foreign goods because it creates dependency."

Harris and her campaign have slammed Trump's idea for across-the-board tariffs, saying they would raise prices on consumers who are already struggling with record-high costs due to inflation.

"It would be a sales tax on the American people," she said in an interview with MSNBC on Wednesday. "You don't just throw around the idea of just tariffs across the board, and that's part of the problem with Donald Trump... He's just not very serious about how he thinks about some of these issues."

Trump's tariff plan has critics on his side of the aisle as well.

Libertarian-leaning Sen. Rand Paul, R-Ky., introduced a bill this month to prohibit any president from raising tariffs without getting sign off from Congress first — a clear shot at Trump who has said he would enact his tariff policy through executive action alone. (Trump was able to raise tariffs during his first term without congressional approval.)

Despite Harris and other attacks on Trump's tariffs, the Biden-Harris administration decided to keep some of the tariffs Trump imposed during his first term on Chinese steel and aluminum and even increase the fees on strategic sectors like electric vehicles and semiconductors.

Harris did not address those tariffs when asked about them in the MSNBC interview.

Still, Biden and Harris have consistently criticized across-the-board tariffs as "indiscriminate" instruments that risk "undermining our alliances," arguing targeted sanctions do not carry the inflationary risks of wider spread one.

Golden, like some others who favor tariffs, says an across-the-board tariff would be good for American workers and national security regardless of whether Trump supports the idea or not.

While Trump does not, Golden acknowledges that tariffs would push up prices on imported goods, but says those higher costs would make domestically produced products more competitive and put upward pressure on quality since imported products could no longer compete on price alone.

"It made sense after World War II to pursue globalization because we were one of the last industrialized economies left standing," Golden said. "That model no longer applies today."

Economists are generally far more negative about tariffs. Most say the data is clear that freer trade leads to greater economic growth and they say Trump's across-the-board tariffs would raise inflation and could cost jobs.

Politically, however, tariffs appear fairly popular, with a recent Reuters/Ipsos poll finding 56% of Americans support the idea, and that number is likely to go be even higher in a Trump-leaning district like Golden's, which, like many others, saw a raft of plant closings over the past 40 years.

### DATE: 
2024-09-27

### Summary: 
What's more surprising, however, is that one House Democratic just introduced a bill to codify Trump's 10% across-the-board tariffs, revealing how the long-dormant trade policy splits both parties.
Harris and her campaign have slammed Trump's idea for across-the-board tariffs, saying they would raise prices on consumers who are already struggling with record-high costs due to inflation.
Trump's tariff plan has critics on his side of the aisle as well.
Still, Biden and Harris have consistently criticized across-the-board tariffs as "indiscriminate" instruments that risk "undermining our alliances," arguing targeted sanctions do not carry the inflationary risks of wider spread one.
Most say the data is clear that freer trade leads to greater economic growth and they say Trump's across-the-board tariffs would raise inflation and could cost jobs.

### Keywords: 
trade
complicated
trumps
tariffs
tariff
proposals
trump
acrosstheboard
goods
golden
democrat
world
idea
introduced
politics
law
bill

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 94


### TITLE: 
Congress funds the government but faces another shutdown threat before Christmas

### TEXT: 
U.S. President Joe Biden in the Oval Office at the White House, in Washington, U.S. September 23, 2024.

Lawmakers averted a government shutdown 40 days before the election, but they'll face another funding crunch right before the holidays and a new Congress and president take office.

Bipartisan negotiators have been trying to make progress on the 12 bills needed to fund federal agencies for the 2025 fiscal year.

Yet there's little time to pass those bills during the lame-duck session; House members and senators are scheduled to be in Washington for only five weeks between Election Day and the end of the year, and the two chambers haven't reached agreement on any of the dozen measures, known as appropriations bills.

A more likely scenario is that Democrats and Republicans would strike an end-of-year deal on a massive, catchall omnibus spending package or punt the issue once again with another continuing resolution, or CR, that would extend funding into the new year on a short-term basis.

They'll need a new funding agreement before federal funding runs out on Dec. 20.

House Speaker Mike Johnson, R-La., insisted this week that the days of the just-before-Christmas omnibus — loaded up with legislative priorities from both parties — are over.

"We are not going to return to the Christmas omnibus spending tradition, and that's the commitment I've made to everyone," Johnson told reporters after the House passed a stopgap funding measure Wednesday.

Pressed about whether he would promise not to put an omnibus on the floor in December, Johnson wouldn't answer directly: "We've worked very hard to break that tradition ... and we'll see what happens in December."

Senior appropriators said Congress are likely to end up where they have before when they've faced a lame-duck, year-end funding deadline: with a sweeping omnibus spending package.

"I expect that we'll negotiate an omnibus," said Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz, D-Fla., a member of the Appropriations Committee, noting that Johnson had said there would be no more CRs, then a new CR passed Wednesday.

"The speaker, respectfully, doesn't have the ability to draw lines in the sand when he can't even control his own caucus. They continually need Democrats to actually get anything done, and we are governing from the minority," she continued. "And so I'm pretty confident that at the end of the day, we're going to make sure that we pass omnibus funding."

Far more House Democrats than Republicans voted for Wednesday's CR that will prevent a shutdown from starting next week, continuing a pattern of the minority's carrying must-pass legislation through the lower chamber this Congress.

House Appropriations Committee Chairman Tom Cole, R-Okla., predicted that the two parties could come to a deal and avoid a shutdown in December. But he said the results of the election will dictate what eventually happens.

Continued divided government could lead to tense negotiation, while, for example, if Republicans sweep the House, the Senate and the White House, they may push for another short-term funding patch into 2025, after they take the reins of power.

### DATE: 
2024-09-26

### Summary: 
Lawmakers averted a government shutdown 40 days before the election, but they'll face another funding crunch right before the holidays and a new Congress and president take office.
Senior appropriators said Congress are likely to end up where they have before when they've faced a lame-duck, year-end funding deadline: with a sweeping omnibus spending package.
"And so I'm pretty confident that at the end of the day, we're going to make sure that we pass omnibus funding."
Far more House Democrats than Republicans voted for Wednesday's CR that will prevent a shutdown from starting next week, continuing a pattern of the minority's carrying must-pass legislation through the lower chamber this Congress.
House Appropriations Committee Chairman Tom Cole, R-Okla., predicted that the two parties could come to a deal and avoid a shutdown in December.

### Keywords: 
omnibus
funding
congress
house
republicans
johnson
christmas
shutdown
threat
spending
funds
faces
end
democrats
election

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 95


### TITLE: 
Trump ally Matt Gaetz says House Ethics panel issued subpoena for him in sex, drug probe

### TEXT: 
Rep. Matt Gaetz, R-Fla., leaves the U.S. Capitol after the House voted on the Spending Reduction and Border Security Act, Sept. 29, 2023. The measure failed to pass.

Rep. Matt Gaetz said Thursday that he has learned the House Ethics Committee will subpoena him as it investigates whether the Florida Republican engaged in sexual misconduct with a minor or illicit drug use.

Gaetz, a close ally of former President Donald Trump, made the statement in an angry letter to the Ethics Committee that declared he will "no longer voluntarily participate" in the panel's probe.

Gaetz said he understands that a subpoena has been "issued, but not served" — but did not say whether he would comply with the subpoena.

"I explicitly reserve all of my rights pursuant to House Rules and the U.S. Constitution," he wrote in the letter, which he posted on social media platform X.

Gaetz said the committee asked on Sept. 4 whether he has "engaged in sexual activity with any individual under 18."

"The answer to this question is unequivocally NO," he wrote.

But his response to whether he has "illegally taken drugs" was less blunt.

"I have not used drugs which are illegal, absent some law allowing use in a jurisdiction of the United States," he wrote.

"I have not used 'illicit' drugs, which I consider to be drugs unlawful for medical or over-the-counter use everywhere in the United States," Gaetz added.

He called the ethics panel's questions "uncomfortably nosey," suggesting it had asked about "the lawful, consensual, sexual activities of adults" which "are not the business of Congress."

"I have voluntarily produced tens of thousands of records and answered many of your relevant questions over several months," Gaetz wrote.

"But asking about my sexual history as a single man with adult women is a bridge too far. I will no longer voluntarily participate in this regrettable abuse of the Committee."

The controversial congressman called the letter his "final response" to the bipartisan panel, and decried the probe as a "political payback exercise, devoid of adequate due process, riddled with leaks, and now seeking deeply personal information that is no business of Congress."

"I am being investigated and judged by my political opponents. This is Soviet," Gaetz wrote to Ethics Chairman Michael Guest, R-Miss., and ranking Democrat Susan Wild of Pennsylvania in the letter.

An Ethics Committee spokesman declined to comment on the letter.

The committee in June said some of the allegations against Gaetz "merit continued review" and that it has "identified additional allegations."

The panel said it is investigating whether Gaetz may have "engaged in sexual misconduct and illicit drug use, accepted improper gifts, dispensed special privileges and favors to individuals with whom he had a personal relationship, and sought to obstruct government investigations of his conduct."

But in the same statement in June, the committee said that it "will take no further action at this time on the allegations that he may have shared inappropriate images or videos on the House floor, misused state identification records, converted campaign funds to personal use, and/or accepted a bribe or improper gratuity."

Gaetz is one of the most visible members of the GOP's far-right flank in Congress.

He helped lead an intraparty effort to oust former Republican House Speaker Kevin McCarthy in 2023, and he has kept a close alliance with Trump, the GOP presidential nominee.

In April, McCarthy claimed that the reason he is no longer speaker is that "one person" wanted him "to stop an ethics complaint because he slept with a 17-year-old."

"Now, did he do it or not? I don't know," McCarthy said of Gaetz. "But Ethics was looking at it. There's other people in jail because of it. And he wanted me to influence it."

Gaetz reportedly helped Trump prepare for his Sept. 10 presidential debate with Vice President Kamala Harris, the Democratic nominee.

### DATE: 
2024-09-26

### Summary: 
Rep. Matt Gaetz said Thursday that he has learned the House Ethics Committee will subpoena him as it investigates whether the Florida Republican engaged in sexual misconduct with a minor or illicit drug use.
Gaetz, a close ally of former President Donald Trump, made the statement in an angry letter to the Ethics Committee that declared he will "no longer voluntarily participate" in the panel's probe.
Gaetz said he understands that a subpoena has been "issued, but not served" — but did not say whether he would comply with the subpoena.
An Ethics Committee spokesman declined to comment on the letter.
Gaetz reportedly helped Trump prepare for his Sept. 10 presidential debate with Vice President Kamala Harris, the Democratic nominee.

### Keywords: 
sept
panel
sex
matt
house
trump
gaetz
voluntarily
committee
probe
issued
personal
drugs
ethics
sexual
subpoena

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 96


### TITLE: 
Trump says Zelenskyy insulted him; House GOP to probe Ukraine leader's PA trip

### TEXT: 
House Oversight Chair James Comer is opening an investigation into Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy's Sunday visit to an ammunition factory in Scranton, Pennsylvania. Comer claims that the trip was organized to campaign for Vice President Kamala Harris' bid for presidency, and was done using "taxpayer-funded resources."

The Republican investigation comes as the relationship between Zelenskyy and former president Donald Trump seems to sour.

On Wednesday, Trump accused Zelenskyy of insulting him — Trump said the Ukrainian president was "making nasty little dispersions toward" him — and adding that he got along with Russian President Vladimir Putin "very well."

"There's really nothing for the Ukrainian people to go back to, and it didn't need to happen. Those buildings are down, those cities are gone. They're gone, and we continue to give billions of dollars to a man who refuses to make a deal," Trump said of Zelenskyy while speaking at a plumbing parts manufacturer in Mint Hill, North Carolina.

Zelenskyy is in the United States to attend the UN General Assembly high-level week in New York, where he is meeting with world leaders. He also plans to visit the White House on Thursday, where he will meet with President Joe Biden and, later in the day, with Harris.

Trump was expected to meet with the Ukrainian President on Thursday at Trump Tower, but a Trump campaign official told NBC News Wednesday that the meeting was not happening. When asked why, a source familiar with the matter pointed to Zelenskyy's New Yorker interview.

In an interview published Sunday by the New Yorker, Zelenskyy said that Trump's running mate, Ohio Sen. JD Vance was "too radical" and his message "seems to be that Ukraine must make a sacrifice," in ending the war with Russia.

When asked if Ukraine should cede land in exchange for a ceasefire with Russia in a press conference Wednesday, Vance said "everything is going to be on the table."

Comer's letter also criticized the timing of the visit with the publishing of Zelenskyy's comments regarding Trump's running mate.

The ammunition factory that Zelenskyy visited is operated by General Dynamics and manufactures components for 155 mm artillery shells, a crucial piece of ammunition to Ukraine's battle efforts.The United States had shipped more than 3 million rounds of it to Ukraine since February 2022, according to a Pentagon fact sheet from July 2024

On Wednesday, the Defense Department announced additional security assistance of $375 million for Ukraine, including more of the 155 mm artillery shells that the Scranton factory specializes in manufacturing.

"I began my visit to the United States by expressing my gratitude to all the employees at the plant and by reaching agreements to expand cooperation between Pennsylvania and our Zaporizhzhia," Zelenskyy wrote on X Sunday.

There, Zelenskyy also met with three Pennsylvania Democrats; Governor Josh Shapiro, Senator Bob Casey and Rep. Matt Cartwright. Both Casey and Cartwright are up for reelection in November.

### DATE: 
2024-09-25

### Summary: 
House Oversight Chair James Comer is opening an investigation into Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy's Sunday visit to an ammunition factory in Scranton, Pennsylvania.
The Republican investigation comes as the relationship between Zelenskyy and former president Donald Trump seems to sour.
On Wednesday, Trump accused Zelenskyy of insulting him — Trump said the Ukrainian president was "making nasty little dispersions toward" him — and adding that he got along with Russian President Vladimir Putin "very well."
Zelenskyy is in the United States to attend the UN General Assembly high-level week in New York, where he is meeting with world leaders.
Trump was expected to meet with the Ukrainian President on Thursday at Trump Tower, but a Trump campaign official told NBC News Wednesday that the meeting was not happening.

### Keywords: 
insulted
ukraine
visit
house
zelenskyys
trump
pa
trip
gop
probe
ukrainian
united
leaders
states
zelenskyy
president
pennsylvania

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 97


### TITLE: 
Nikki Haley campaigners endorse Harris as GOP former governor backs Trump

### TEXT: 
Former U.N. Ambassador Nikki Haley announced that she would vote for former President Donald Trump during an event at the Hudson Institute in Washington, D.C., on May 22, 2024.

Several former state campaign committee members on Nikki Haley's failed presidential bid have endorsed Democratic nominee Kamala Harris, publicly breaking with Haley, who is backing GOP nominee Donald Trump.

"This year the election may well be decided by independents and former Haley supporters," wrote Tom Evslin, who co-chaired Haley's Vermont state leadership team, in an op-ed Wednesday for the Vermont Daily Chronicle.

Evslin, who voted against then-Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton in 2016 and against Trump in 2020, wrote that he "will be happy to vote FOR Harris if she consistently articulates a strong foreign policy."

The same day, two former members of Haley's Michigan state leadership team also urged Republicans to support the Democratic ticket of Harris and Minnesota Gov. Tim Walz.

"As Republicans, we believe character and integrity matter," business consultant Jimmy Greene and communications expert Bill Nowling wrote in a joint op-ed for the Michigan Chronicle. "That's why we proudly supported Ambassador Nikki Haley for president and were part of her Michigan Leadership Team."

Nowling is also a co-chair of the group Republicans for Harris, which includes Republican former Reps. Adam Kinzinger of Illinois and Denver Riggleman of Virginia.

"We believed in her positive vision for the future of the Republican Party, Michigan, and our nation," Greene and Nowling wrote. "Now, we will vote for Vice President Kamala Harris, and we are encouraging other sensible Republicans to join us."

The latest endorsements came five days after Haley's former Iowa state co-chair Dawn Roberts announced she would back Harris.

In a guest column for the Des Moines Register, Roberts wrote that while she is "a lifelong Republican," she was dismayed by both parties when Trump and President Joe Biden appeared to be the top candidates.

When Biden withdrew from the race and endorsed Harris as his replacement, "I decided to see who she really was," wrote Roberts. "I was impressed with how she handled herself saying that she wanted to 'earn everyone's support.' She showed willingness to listen to a wider range of views to solve problems."

"So I am supporting Kamala Harris for president," she wrote.

A spokeswoman for Haley did not immediately respond to CNBC's request for comment on her former campaigners endorsing Harris.

Haley, who was governor of South Carolina and served as U.S. ambassador to the United Nations, was the last high-profile candidate to keep campaigning against Trump in the Republican presidential primary.

In the final stretch of her campaign, Haley, who had taken pains to avoid alienating Trump's base by directly attacking him, became vocally critical of the de facto Republican leader.

### DATE: 
2024-09-25

### Summary: 
Ambassador Nikki Haley announced that she would vote for former President Donald Trump during an event at the Hudson Institute in Washington, D.C., on May 22, 2024.
Several former state campaign committee members on Nikki Haley's failed presidential bid have endorsed Democratic nominee Kamala Harris, publicly breaking with Haley, who is backing GOP nominee Donald Trump.
The same day, two former members of Haley's Michigan state leadership team also urged Republicans to support the Democratic ticket of Harris and Minnesota Gov.
"That's why we proudly supported Ambassador Nikki Haley for president and were part of her Michigan Leadership Team."
A spokeswoman for Haley did not immediately respond to CNBC's request for comment on her former campaigners endorsing Harris.

### Keywords: 
governor
haley
backs
republicans
republican
trump
harris
campaigners
endorse
gop
wrote
haleys
michigan
state
nikki
president

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 98


### TITLE: 
Biden administration backs House Republicans' three-month government funding bill

### TEXT: 
US President Joe Biden (R) shakes hands with Speaker of the House Mike Johnson as they attend the National Prayer Breakfast Foundation's annual event at the US Capitol in Washington, DC, on February 1, 2024.

The Biden administration on Tuesday announced its support for the latest short-term government funding proposal, greatly reducing the chances of a partial shutdown ahead of the Nov. 5 presidential election.

In a statement from the Office of Management and Budget, the White House applauded the bill for giving Congress "more time to complete full-year funding bills later this year that deliver for America's national defense, veterans, seniors, children, and working families, and address urgent needs for the American people, including for communities recovering from disaster."

The statement was far from a ringing endorsement of House Speaker Mike Johnson's, R-La., proposal. The statement criticized congressional Republicans for not including additional funding for disaster relief, the Department of Veterans Affairs and the Small Business Administration.

"The Administration is deeply disappointed that congressional Republicans continue to block critical funding requested by the Administration to avoid severe disruptions to several critical Government services, including effectively ceasing operations of the Small Business Administration disaster loan program later this fall," it said.

The White House also warned that it would oppose any funding cuts to the Internal Revenue Service in final appropriations legislation.

The bill — introduced by Johnson on Sunday after his original proposal failed to pass the GOP-controlled House earlier this month — would fund the government through Dec. 20, rather than March 2025. It does not include any part of the SAVE Act, a controversial voter ID bill.

President Joe Biden and many congressional Democrats staunchly opposed plans to include the SAVE Act in the government funding bill. But it was Johnson's own caucus members who defeated his initial funding measure, when 14 House Republicans voted against it on Sept. 18.

The new proposal appears to defy the wishes of former President Donald Trump, who publicly called on congressional Republicans to shut down the government if the SAVE Act was left out of the funding bill.

The latest bill does include $231 million for the Secret Service, whose funding and resources have been in the spotlight in the wake of two assassination attempts against Trump.

Congress and the White House have until midnight on Sept. 30 to pass the bill and see it signed into law, avoid a partial government shutdown, which would have come just over a month from Election Day.

House Republican aides said Sunday that the funding proposal could reach the House floor for a vote as soon as Wednesday.

"The Administration calls for swift passage of this bill in both chambers of the Congress to avoid a costly, unnecessary government shutdown and to ensure there is adequate time to pass full-year FY 2025 appropriations bills later this year," the White House statement said.

### DATE: 
2024-09-24

### Summary: 
The statement criticized congressional Republicans for not including additional funding for disaster relief, the Department of Veterans Affairs and the Small Business Administration.
The White House also warned that it would oppose any funding cuts to the Internal Revenue Service in final appropriations legislation.
President Joe Biden and many congressional Democrats staunchly opposed plans to include the SAVE Act in the government funding bill.
But it was Johnson's own caucus members who defeated his initial funding measure, when 14 House Republicans voted against it on Sept. 18.
House Republican aides said Sunday that the funding proposal could reach the House floor for a vote as soon as Wednesday.

### Keywords: 
congressional
threemonth
funding
house
republicans
biden
backs
administration
statement
shutdown
white
proposal
bill

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 99


### TITLE: 
House Speaker Johnson axes Trump voting restrictions in new government funding bill

### TEXT: 
U.S. Speaker of the House Mike Johnson (R) (R-LA) departs a press conference with Republican leadership on Capitol Hill on September 18, 2024 in Washington, DC.

Republican House Speaker Mike Johnson on Sunday announced a new temporary government funding proposal with key amendments from the original bill he put forward earlier this month, going against former President Donald Trump's wishes and making some concessions to Democrats.

The new bill would fund the government through Dec. 20 and does not include any part of the SAVE Act, the Trump-backed election security proposal that would require people to show proof of citizenship to register as a voter.

In a letter to colleagues on Sunday, Johnson said, the "very narrow, bare-bones" proposal would include "only the extensions that are absolutely necessary" to avoid a government shutdown.

Congressional Republicans and Democrats have eight days to strike a deal on government funding. If no resolution is reached, the government will go into partial shutdown on Oct. 1 at 12:01 a.m. ET, just over a month away from the November election when party control will be up for grabs in both the White House and Congress.

"While this is not the solution any of us prefer, it is the most prudent path forward under the present circumstances," Johnson wrote in the letter. "As history has taught and current polling affirms, shutting the government down less than 40 days from a fateful election would be an act of political malpractice."

The new bill will likely get to the House floor by Wednesday, according to House Republican aides.

The three-month spending plan also includes $231 million for the Secret Service, responding to increasing pressure from the agency for more resources after another apparent assassination attempt against Trump last Sunday.

### DATE: 
2024-09-22

### Summary: 
U.S. Speaker of the House Mike Johnson (R) (R-LA) departs a press conference with Republican leadership on Capitol Hill on September 18, 2024 in Washington, DC.
Republican House Speaker Mike Johnson on Sunday announced a new temporary government funding proposal with key amendments from the original bill he put forward earlier this month, going against former President Donald Trump's wishes and making some concessions to Democrats.
ET, just over a month away from the November election when party control will be up for grabs in both the White House and Congress.
"While this is not the solution any of us prefer, it is the most prudent path forward under the present circumstances," Johnson wrote in the letter.
The new bill will likely get to the House floor by Wednesday, according to House Republican aides.

### Keywords: 
restrictions
letter
house
funding
republican
trump
voting
johnson
mike
month
proposal
axes
election
bill
speaker

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 100


### TITLE: 
More than 700 former military and national security officials endorse Harris, say Trump is 'impulsive and ill-informed'

### TEXT: 
The statement, which criticized Trump as "impulsive and ill-informed," was signed by 741 people, including vocal Harris-supporting Democrats like Hillary Clinton and John Kerry, as well as Republican secretaries of Defense Chuck Hagel and William Cohen. Hagel and Cohen both served under Democratic presidents.

"We are trained to make sober, rational decisions. That is how we know Vice President Harris would make an excellent Commander-in-Chief, while Mr. Trump has proven he is not up to the job," they added.

"This election is a choice between serious leadership and vengeful impulsiveness," said the group, which is made up of bipartisan senior leaders who served in the military and other offices and agencies.

More than 700 former national security and military officials endorsed Kamala Harris for president over Donald Trump in the 2024 election in an open letter published Sunday by National Security Leaders for America.

The signatories include 15 retired four-star generals, 12 former Cabinet-level officials, eight service secretaries, more than 120 ambassadors and three Trump-era officials: Retired U.S. Army Gen. Peter Chiarelli, former Vice Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff retired four-star Gen. Paul Selva and retired Maj. Gen. Eric Thorne Olson.

"Mr. Trump is the first president in American history to actively undermine the peaceful transfer of power, the bedrock of American democracy," the letter said. "He has shown no remorse for trying to overturn the 2020 election on January 6th, promises to pardon the convicted perpetrators, and has made clear he will not respect the results of the 2024 election should he lose again."

The letter also accused Trump of publicly and privately criticizing the leaders of American allies like the United Kingdom, Israel, Australia, Canada and Germany, and criticized his decision to abandon allied Kurdish fighters in Syria in the face of an expected Turkish attack in 2019.

"These are the same people who got our country into endless foreign wars and profited off of them while the American people suffered," the Trump campaign's communications director, Steven Cheung, told CNBC in response to the critical letter. "President Trump is the only President in the modern era not to get our country into any new wars."

Sunday's endorsement comes after 111 Republican former national security and foreign policy officials endorsed Harris in a letter Wednesday, saying that Trump is "unfit to serve again."

Harris' campaign has been seeking to appeal to conservative and moderate voters who may be on the fence with voting for Trump, starting with the launch of "Republicans for Harris" in August. Since then, the vice president has received endorsements from various high-profile Republicans, including Dick Cheney, former vice president for George W. Bush.

"Mr. Trump threatens our democratic system; he has said so himself," Sunday's endorsement letter said. "He has called for the 'termination' of parts of the Constitution. He said he wants to be a 'dictator,' and his clarification that he would only be a dictator for a day is not reassuring."

### DATE: 
2024-09-22

### Summary: 
That is how we know Vice President Harris would make an excellent Commander-in-Chief, while Mr. Trump has proven he is not up to the job," they added.
More than 700 former national security and military officials endorsed Kamala Harris for president over Donald Trump in the 2024 election in an open letter published Sunday by National Security Leaders for America.
"President Trump is the only President in the modern era not to get our country into any new wars."
Sunday's endorsement comes after 111 Republican former national security and foreign policy officials endorsed Harris in a letter Wednesday, saying that Trump is "unfit to serve again."
Since then, the vice president has received endorsements from various high-profile Republicans, including Dick Cheney, former vice president for George W. Bush.

### Keywords: 
letter
retired
american
officials
trump
harris
election
endorse
military
impulsive
national
illinformed
security
say
vice
president

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 101


### TITLE: 
Secret Service blames poor planning, 'complacency' for its failure to stop Trump assassination attempt

### TEXT: 
Republican presidential candidate and former U.S. President Donald Trump is assisted by Secret Service agents as multiple shots rang out during a campaign rally at the Butler Farm Show in Butler, Pennsylvania, on July 13, 2024.

The U.S. Secret Service said Friday it was to blame for the near assassination of former President Donald Trump at a July campaign rally, pointing to "complacency" by some of its agents and communication gaps with local police.

"As I've said, this was a failure on the part of the United States Secret Service," said Ronald Rowe, the agency's acting director, at a press conference.

It was the first time since the July 13 shooting that the agency has presented the public with a full picture of the internal breakdowns that led to the attack, which left a member of the audience dead.

The Secret Service was chiefly responsible for crafting the security plan at the presidential campaign rally near Butler, Pennsylvania, where Thomas Crooks was able to open fire at Trump before being shot dead.

But the agency "did not give clear guidance or direction to our local law enforcement partners," Rowe said, and "there were communication deficiencies between law enforcement personnel at the site."

Trump's ear was grazed by a bullet. One rally attendee positioned behind Trump, Corey Comperatore, was killed, and two others were critically injured.

Line-of-sight issues at the Republican nominee's rally site were known about but not effectively addressed in advance, Rowe went on.

He added: "While some members of the advance team were very diligent, there was complacency on the part of others that led to a breach of security protocols with respect to accountability."

Those employees will be held accountable, Rowe said.

Rowe took over the Secret Service after former Director Kimberly Cheatle resigned from the agency on July 23, just 10 days after the assassination attempt.

### DATE: 
2024-09-20

### Summary: 
Republican presidential candidate and former U.S. President Donald Trump is assisted by Secret Service agents as multiple shots rang out during a campaign rally at the Butler Farm Show in Butler, Pennsylvania, on July 13, 2024.
The U.S. Secret Service said Friday it was to blame for the near assassination of former President Donald Trump at a July campaign rally, pointing to "complacency" by some of its agents and communication gaps with local police.
"As I've said, this was a failure on the part of the United States Secret Service," said Ronald Rowe, the agency's acting director, at a press conference.
The Secret Service was chiefly responsible for crafting the security plan at the presidential campaign rally near Butler, Pennsylvania, where Thomas Crooks was able to open fire at Trump before being shot dead.
Rowe took over the Secret Service after former Director Kimberly Cheatle resigned from the agency on July 23, just 10 days after the assassination attempt.

### Keywords: 
butler
rally
planning
poor
trump
attempt
security
campaign
republican
secret
failure
blames
complacency
rowe
agency
service
stop

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 102


### TITLE: 
Megacap tech stocks make some room — here is where investors are branching out

### TEXT: 
Every weekday, the CNBC Investing Club with Jim Cramer releases the Homestretch — an actionable afternoon update, just in time for the last hour of trading on Wall Street. Market rotation: The Dow was the big winner Monday, tracking for its first close above 44,000. However, the pressure on the S & P 500 and the Nasdaq reveals a big, postelection rotation happening underneath the surface as megacap tech names like Club names Apple , Amazon , Nvidia , Microsoft , and Meta Platforms were a source of funds to buy groups that are perceived to be bigger beneficiaries of the incoming Donald Trump administration's expected pro-business growth and deregulation policies. Much like last week, financials and industries were flying Monday as technology lagged. Club banks Morgan Stanley and Wells Fargo were on track for record closes. The same goes with portfolio industrials Eaton and Dover . If gains hold, Club holding Honeywell will close at a 52-week high. BlackRock , one of our newest positions, was making a new all-time high, too, and the company's bitcoin ETF received a major rush of inflows over the past week on President-elect Trump's pro-crypto rhetoric. More highs ahead ? With the S & P 500 trading around record highs and hanging around 6,000, one Wall Street firm revised its year-end S & P 500 price target, expecting more gains before the end of the year. Oppenheimer raised its forecast to 6,200 from 5,900 on an unchanged earnings estimate. More gains could follow due to the positive seasonality through the end of the year. The market will, however, have to contend with data that suggests it has moved too far, too fast in a short period. We use the S & P 500 Short Range Oscillator as our guide to when the market is overbought or oversold. As of Friday's rally, the momentum indicator put the market close to overbought territory. In overbought markets, our discipline mandates we consider some selling into strength. We got ahead of the Oscillator last week and trimmed Honeywell three times . We also took profits in Morgan Stanley and Wells Fargo. Up next: Home Depot reports quarterly earnings before Tuesday's opening bell. Same-store sales are expected to have declined 3.1%, according to FactSet, with adjusted earnings per share of $3.64, according to LSEG. The Club holding probably needs to see mortgage rates fall to 6% or below to get its same-store sales back in positive territory, so until then we expect to hear about the pent-up demand building up in the home improvement category. Other companies scheduled to report Tuesday are Shopify , Tyson Foods , and AstraZeneca . Club name Disney delivers its earnings before Thursday's open. (See here for a full list of the stocks in Jim Cramer's Charitable Trust.) As a subscriber to the CNBC Investing Club with Jim Cramer, you will receive a trade alert before Jim makes a trade. Jim waits 45 minutes after sending a trade alert before buying or selling a stock in his charitable trust's portfolio. If Jim has talked about a stock on CNBC TV, he waits 72 hours after issuing the trade alert before executing the trade. THE ABOVE INVESTING CLUB INFORMATION IS SUBJECT TO OUR TERMS AND CONDITIONS AND PRIVACY POLICY , TOGETHER WITH OUR DISCLAIMER . NO FIDUCIARY OBLIGATION OR DUTY EXISTS, OR IS CREATED, BY VIRTUE OF YOUR RECEIPT OF ANY INFORMATION PROVIDED IN CONNECTION WITH THE INVESTING CLUB. NO SPECIFIC OUTCOME OR PROFIT IS GUARANTEED.

Every weekday, the CNBC Investing Club with Jim Cramer releases the Homestretch — an actionable afternoon update, just in time for the last hour of trading on Wall Street.

### DATE: 
2024-11-11

### Summary: 
With the S & P 500 trading around record highs and hanging around 6,000, one Wall Street firm revised its year-end S & P 500 price target, expecting more gains before the end of the year.
We use the S & P 500 Short Range Oscillator as our guide to when the market is overbought or oversold.
As a subscriber to the CNBC Investing Club with Jim Cramer, you will receive a trade alert before Jim makes a trade.
THE ABOVE INVESTING CLUB INFORMATION IS SUBJECT TO OUR TERMS AND CONDITIONS AND PRIVACY POLICY , TOGETHER WITH OUR DISCLAIMER .
NO FIDUCIARY OBLIGATION OR DUTY EXISTS, OR IS CREATED, BY VIRTUE OF YOUR RECEIPT OF ANY INFORMATION PROVIDED IN CONNECTION WITH THE INVESTING CLUB.

### Keywords: 
trade
club
earnings
stocks
market
jim
s
investors
megacap
investing
tech
p
500
cnbc
branching
room

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 103


### TITLE: 
DuPont's biggest businesses get stronger and a key catalyst may arrive sooner than thought

### TEXT: 
DuPont shares jumped Tuesday after the Club holding reported a solid set of third-quarter results, raised earnings guidance and told investors that a key catalyst for the stock could arrive sooner than some expected. The report showed why we've stuck with DuPont this year despite frustration on its stock performance. Net sales in the three months ended Sept. 30 rose 4.4% year over year to $3.19 billion, a hair short of the $3.2 billion estimate, according to LSEG. Organically, sales were up 3% versus the year-ago period. Adjusted earnings per share (EPS) increased 28.3% year over year to $1.18 per share, exceeding expectations of $1.03 per share, LSEG data showed. Operating EBITDA of $857 million in the quarter came in ahead of the $818 million consensus, according to FactSet. EBITDA — a measure of profitability — is short for earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization. Shares rose nearly 6% Tuesday, to nearly $87 a share. DD YTD mountain DuPont's year-to-date stock performance. Bottom line DuPont delivered a very good report Tuesday that gives us the confidence to reiterate our 1 rating and price target of $100 a share. DuPont's performance on profitability metrics shined, with the better-than-expected operating EBITDA and earnings results for the quarter compounded by an increase to management's full-year outlook on both metrics. Profit margin performance was also strong, as was cash flow generation, with transaction-adjusted free cash flow conversion of 130% — a sign of healthy of earnings. DuPont defines that metric as adjusted free cash flow excluding transaction costs associated with its impending business separation divided by adjusted earnings. While sales in its water-and-protection unit came up short of expectations, the miss there was more than offset by the beat in electronics-and-industrial sales. That's important to note because it means sales at DuPont's two core units — excluding the corporate-and-other segment — on a combined basis were actually better than expected, helped by recovery in China. The world's second largest economy has recently been a headwind for DuPont and a host of other U.S. companies doing business there. The corporate-and-other line includes retained businesses from the previous divestiture of DuPont's mobility-and-materials operations, which aren't really the focus of investors. It's also much smaller than its two counterparts. DuPont Why we own it: We added this specialty chemical maker as an industrial way to play the recovery in the semiconductor and electronics industries, which have strong multiyear outlooks due to advancements in AI. The company also is getting past excess inventory issues in a few business lines. More recently, DuPont's plan to split itself into three separate companies has sweetened the investment case. Competitors : 3M , PPG Industries Portfolio weighting: 3.49% Most recent buy: Aug. 5, 2024 Initiated : Aug. 7, 2023 In addition to the better-than-expected results for the core business, DuPont offered an encouraging update on its planned separation into three separate publicly traded companies — a crucial catalyst for the stock. Executive Chairman Ed Breen said DuPont is looking to get the breakup done closer to the shorter end of the 18-to-24-month timeline offered when the plan was disclosed in May . If the transaction is in fact finalized closer to 18 months from the initial announcement, that would be around December 2025. The result will be a standalone company consisting of its water business, an electronics-focused firm tied to AI and the remaining DuPont, which serve the health care and construction markets, among others. We continue to view this as a smart way to ensure DuPont's varied businesses are appropriately valued by investors, boosting the stock price as a result. While the stock may not fully reflect all of that value until the separation is complete — or at least until we get closer to and have more certainty on the date it will finally happen — patient investors will be rewarded. Quarterly results Another reason to look past the light water-and-protection sales: Operating margins at both of the core business units were ahead of expectations. That is an indication that while DuPont's end markets are still in recovery mode, the businesses are being run more efficiently than expected. For the electronics-and-industrial segment, management said operating EBITDA was helped, in part, by increased volume gains along with savings from productivity and restructuring actions. The water-and-protection unit's profitability was aided by productivity and savings from restructuring actions, which more than offset a decline in organic revenue and higher variable compensation. Diving into the electronics-and-industrial unit by end market: Semiconductor technologies sales advanced over 20% year over year on organic basis, driven by strong AI demand, including out of China. Interconnect solutions sales increased low-double digits organically thanks to the continued recovery in the consumer electronics end market as more devices are becoming AI-capable. For what it's worth, that's a positive readthrough for fellow Club holding Best Buy . Industrial solutions sales fell slightly on organic basis as weakness in Kalrez — which makes O-rings and specialty sealant products — was only partially offset by strength in printing and packaging applications. Now digging into the water-and-protection segment: Safety solutions revenues were down mid-single digits on an organic basis due to lower prices and a decrease in medical packaging products sales volume versus the year-ago period. Still, sales of medical packaging products were up 10% quarter over quarter, the second consecutive sequential increase and further evidence of a recovery in progress. Shelter solutions saw sales fall slightly on an organic basis as weakness in the North American residential construction market was only partially offset by increased activity in the commercial construction end market. Water solutions were up low-single digits organically as China continues to recover. Guidance Management raised its full-year guidance for operating EBITDA and adjusted earnings per share. However, its revenue forecast was tweaked a bit lower. The company now expects net sales to be about $12.365 billion, down from a prior range of $12.4 billion to $12.5 billion, and below the $12.43 billion expected by analysts, according to LSEG. The operating EBITDA guide was raised to about $3.125 billion, up from a prior range of $3.06 billion to $3.11 billion. That's better than the $3.094 billion Wall Street was looking for, according to FactSet. Adjusted EPS is now projected to be about $3.90, exceeding the $3.78 consensus estimate, according to LSEG. DuPont had previously offered a range of $3.70 to $3.80 per share. For the fourth quarter, DuPont guided to roughly $3.07 billion in sales, $790 million in operating EBITDA and adjusted EPS of 98 cents. All were weaker than expected. Analysts had been looking for $3.13 billion in sales and EPS of 99 cents, according to LSEG, and $797 million in operating EBITDA, according to FactSet. (Jim Cramer's Charitable Trust is long DD and BBY. See here for a full list of the stocks.) As a subscriber to the CNBC Investing Club with Jim Cramer, you will receive a trade alert before Jim makes a trade. Jim waits 45 minutes after sending a trade alert before buying or selling a stock in his charitable trust's portfolio. If Jim has talked about a stock on CNBC TV, he waits 72 hours after issuing the trade alert before executing the trade. THE ABOVE INVESTING CLUB INFORMATION IS SUBJECT TO OUR TERMS AND CONDITIONS AND PRIVACY POLICY , TOGETHER WITH OUR DISCLAIMER . NO FIDUCIARY OBLIGATION OR DUTY EXISTS, OR IS CREATED, BY VIRTUE OF YOUR RECEIPT OF ANY INFORMATION PROVIDED IN CONNECTION WITH THE INVESTING CLUB. NO SPECIFIC OUTCOME OR PROFIT IS GUARANTEED.

A DuPont sign is shown at the company's world headquarters in Wilmington, Delaware. Jeff Fusco | Getty Images

### DATE: 
2024-11-05

### Summary: 
Operating EBITDA of $857 million in the quarter came in ahead of the $818 million consensus, according to FactSet.
DuPont's performance on profitability metrics shined, with the better-than-expected operating EBITDA and earnings results for the quarter compounded by an increase to management's full-year outlook on both metrics.
Quarterly results Another reason to look past the light water-and-protection sales: Operating margins at both of the core business units were ahead of expectations.
For the electronics-and-industrial segment, management said operating EBITDA was helped, in part, by increased volume gains along with savings from productivity and restructuring actions.
The operating EBITDA guide was raised to about $3.125 billion, up from a prior range of $3.06 billion to $3.11 billion.

### Keywords: 
share
sooner
duponts
key
earnings
sales
dupont
arrive
operating
thought
according
biggest
businesses
billion
ebitda
stock
catalyst
stronger

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 104


### TITLE: 
Jim Cramer is encouraged by updates on 3 stocks that indicate further upside ahead

### TEXT: 
Every weekday the CNBC Investing Club with Jim Cramer holds a "Morning Meeting" livestream at 10:20 a.m. ET. Here's a recap of Tuesday's key moments. 1. Wall Street was rallying Tuesday as voters headed to the polls on Election Day. The Nasdaq was leading the charge, up 1.3%. The S & P 500 was up roughly 1%. Jim Cramer called this a "relief rally" in anticipation of the U.S. election being over. A bright spot in the portfolio is DuPont , which rose more than 6% on Tuesday after the conglomerate delivered an earnings beat before the open. Even with Tuesday's move, the stock hasn't performed as well as we hoped this year, but we expect that its looming breaking up into three separate companies will help DuPont get the respect it deserves from investors. Check your emails and text later for our full DuPont earnings analysis. 2. Shares of Eaton rose more than 1% higher Tuesday after Bernstein initiated coverage on the Club stock with a buy-equivalent outperform rating and a price target of $382. That PT implies 13% upside from Monday's close. The analysts said electricity demand is entering an era of secular growth driven by electrical infrastructure investments over the coming years. Jim agreed that Eaton shares are positioned to go higher given the company's business is all about electric equipment and power management systems. We trimmed our Eaton position on Oct. 29, before the company reported earnings on Oct. 31, to lock in gains after the stock's huge run. 3. Coterra Energy CEO Tom Jorden appeared on "Mad Money" and cleared up a comment he made on the company's third-quarter earnings call last week. During the call, Jorden talked about hypothetical situations that could lead the company to "stretch" on M & A, and the stock took a hit. Jorden told Jim on Monday evening that he regretted the statement, saying Coterra is not considering a big acquisition that could stretch its balance sheet. "I felt very good about the stock after the interview," Jim said on Tuesday's Morning Meeting, adding he might be inclined to build a bigger position oil and natural gas producer in the event of a Donald Trump victory. 4. Stocks covered in Tuesday's rapid fire at the end of the video were: Carvana , NXP Semiconductors , Yum! Brands , Palantir , and Dollar Tree . (Jim Cramer's Charitable Trust is long DD, ETN, CTRA. See here for a full list of the stocks.) As a subscriber to the CNBC Investing Club with Jim Cramer, you will receive a trade alert before Jim makes a trade. Jim waits 45 minutes after sending a trade alert before buying or selling a stock in his charitable trust's portfolio. If Jim has talked about a stock on CNBC TV, he waits 72 hours after issuing the trade alert before executing the trade. THE ABOVE INVESTING CLUB INFORMATION IS SUBJECT TO OUR TERMS AND CONDITIONS AND PRIVACY POLICY , TOGETHER WITH OUR DISCLAIMER . NO FIDUCIARY OBLIGATION OR DUTY EXISTS, OR IS CREATED, BY VIRTUE OF YOUR RECEIPT OF ANY INFORMATION PROVIDED IN CONNECTION WITH THE INVESTING CLUB. NO SPECIFIC OUTCOME OR PROFIT IS GUARANTEED.

### DATE: 
2024-11-05

### Summary: 
Every weekday the CNBC Investing Club with Jim Cramer holds a "Morning Meeting" livestream at 10:20 a.m.
As a subscriber to the CNBC Investing Club with Jim Cramer, you will receive a trade alert before Jim makes a trade.
Jim waits 45 minutes after sending a trade alert before buying or selling a stock in his charitable trust's portfolio.
THE ABOVE INVESTING CLUB INFORMATION IS SUBJECT TO OUR TERMS AND CONDITIONS AND PRIVACY POLICY , TOGETHER WITH OUR DISCLAIMER .
NO FIDUCIARY OBLIGATION OR DUTY EXISTS, OR IS CREATED, BY VIRTUE OF YOUR RECEIPT OF ANY INFORMATION PROVIDED IN CONNECTION WITH THE INVESTING CLUB.

### Keywords: 
trade
jorden
club
earnings
stocks
ahead
jim
cramer
indicate
tuesdays
upside
updates
investing
encouraged
eaton
stock

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 105


### TITLE: 
Boeing machinists end strike after approving labor contract with 38% raises

### TEXT: 
Boeing machinists approved a new labor deal Monday, ending a costly seven-week strike that halted most of the company's aircraft production, worsening its mounting losses.

Machinists voted 59% in favor of the new contract, which includes 38% wage increases over four years and other improvements.

The approval is a relief for Boeing's new CEO, Kelly Ortberg, who took the top job in August to steer the company through its safety and manufacturing crises. The company raised more than $20 billion in a share sale last week to weather its financial problems after warning it will likely burn cash through 2025.

Ortberg last month said Boeing will cut 10% of its 170,000 workforce including mangers, executives and employees, to slash costs, with layoff notices going out in mid-November. He painted a picture of a leaner Boeing, focusing on its core commercial and defense businesses.

"While the past few months have been difficult for all of us, we are all part of the same team. We will only move forward by listening and working together," Ortberg said after the contract passed. "There is much work ahead to return to the excellence that made Boeing an iconic company."

Boeing will now be able to resume production, key to its recovery since the bulk of the aircraft price is paid when they are handed over to customers. But getting up to target production rates, particularly for the 737 Max, Boeing's cash cow, will take time.

"While the strike ending and workers returning to the shopfloor is a meaningful step in the right direction, ramping back up will take time," said Bank of America aerospace analyst Ron Epstein. He said some workers will need to be retrained.

The machinists, who build planes such as the bestselling 737 Max, the 777 and 767 aircraft must return to their jobs no later than Nov. 12 the union said. They could return as early as Wednesday.

"Yesterday's resolution of the strike was low hanging fruit in our view," Jonathan Root, senior vice president at Moody's Ratings, said in a note Tuesday. "Relieving the impediments to achieving and then sustaining strong positive free cash flow remains the challenge."

President Joe Biden spoke with union leaders and Boeing's CEO on Tuesday to congratulate them on the deal, the White House said. Acting Labor Secretary Julie Su had gotten involved with the negotiations, flying to Seattle to meet with the union and the company, a top U.S. exporter and defense contractor.

"This contract provides a 38% wage increase over four years, improves workers' ability to retire with dignity, and supports fairness at the workplace," Biden said in a statement. "This contract is also important for Boeing's future as a critical part of America's aerospace sector."

### DATE: 
2024-11-04

### Summary: 
Boeing machinists approved a new labor deal Monday, ending a costly seven-week strike that halted most of the company's aircraft production, worsening its mounting losses.
Machinists voted 59% in favor of the new contract, which includes 38% wage increases over four years and other improvements.
"There is much work ahead to return to the excellence that made Boeing an iconic company."
But getting up to target production rates, particularly for the 737 Max, Boeing's cash cow, will take time.
"This contract is also important for Boeing's future as a critical part of America's aerospace sector."

### Keywords: 
union
return
company
contract
strike
labor
end
boeing
machinists
raises
approving
boeings
production
cash
workers
38

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 106


### TITLE: 
Singapore Airlines will add first class, revamp cabins for longest flights

### TEXT: 
Singapore Airlines is planning to add a four-seat first class to the Airbus aircraft it uses for its longest routes, a bet to attract high-spending travelers to flights that can top 17 hours.

The carrier will add the new seats to seven Airbus A350-900 URLs, or ultra-long-range aircraft that it uses for lengthy trips, including its longest, between New York and Singapore. It will also revamp its cabins on long-haul Airbus planes with new business-class seats that will likely include a suite with a sliding door, a popular design carriers are increasingly adopting to sell privacy as an onboard perk.

Singapore said the fresh first- and business-class seats will have new in-flight entertainment but the carrier didn't disclose many details about the new cabins. CEO Goh Choon Phong said in a news release that they will "push the boundaries of comfort, luxury, and modernity."

Airlines have been investing billions of dollars to revamp their premium cabins to chase travelers willing to shell out for more space on board. They range from international airlines like Singapore's jumbo jets to smaller carriers like JetBlue Airways that fly smaller Airbus airplanes, both of which feature suites with sliding doors

### DATE: 
2024-11-04

### Summary: 
Singapore Airlines is planning to add a four-seat first class to the Airbus aircraft it uses for its longest routes, a bet to attract high-spending travelers to flights that can top 17 hours.
The carrier will add the new seats to seven Airbus A350-900 URLs, or ultra-long-range aircraft that it uses for lengthy trips, including its longest, between New York and Singapore.
Singapore said the fresh first- and business-class seats will have new in-flight entertainment but the carrier didn't disclose many details about the new cabins.
Airlines have been investing billions of dollars to revamp their premium cabins to chase travelers willing to shell out for more space on board.
They range from international airlines like Singapore's jumbo jets to smaller carriers like JetBlue Airways that fly smaller Airbus airplanes, both of which feature suites with sliding doors

### Keywords: 
cabins
smaller
seats
longest
revamp
airlines
sliding
class
travelers
flights
airbus
singapore
add
uses

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 107


### TITLE: 
Why flights to Europe are the cheapest they've been in years

### TEXT: 
A tourist takes a photo as the Acropolis’ Propylaea are seen in the background, in Athens, Greece, on June 28, 2024.

Flights between the U.S. and Europe have not been this cheap in three years, when many countries were just lifting Covid-19 era rules.

Fares are low even for the traditionally slow late-fall and winter months outside of major holidays.

"It is brutal to fill seats during these times of year," said Brett Snyder, who writes the Cranky Flier travel industry site.

According to flight-tracking company Hopper, "good deal" fares across the Atlantic to Europe are averaging $578 in November, down from $619 a year earlier.

It is the lowest deal fare for this month since 2021, when they were going for $479 and much of international travel was in a slump because of the pandemic, Hopper data shows.

In January, after the year-end holidays, 2025 fares are even lower: $558 compared to $578 for the same month in 2024, though higher than $488 in January 2022, according to Hopper.

U.S. domestic airfare, on the other hand, is more expensive compared with last year in every month from November through March.

Many airlines from financially troubled Spirit Airlines to profitable Southwest Airlines have cut flights or trimmed growth plans into next year, which has helped keep U.S. fares firm. Aircraft scarcity is also limiting airlines from adding many flights.

There are also some periods of weaker demand overall, executives at the largest U.S. carriers, Delta Air Lines , United Airlines and American Airlines have said, calling out the week before and after the U.S. presidential election on Tuesday.

### DATE: 
2024-11-03

### Summary: 
A tourist takes a photo as the Acropolis’ Propylaea are seen in the background, in Athens, Greece, on June 28, 2024.
Flights between the U.S. and Europe have not been this cheap in three years, when many countries were just lifting Covid-19 era rules.
According to flight-tracking company Hopper, "good deal" fares across the Atlantic to Europe are averaging $578 in November, down from $619 a year earlier.
Many airlines from financially troubled Spirit Airlines to profitable Southwest Airlines have cut flights or trimmed growth plans into next year, which has helped keep U.S. fares firm.
Aircraft scarcity is also limiting airlines from adding many flights.

### Keywords: 
theyve
fares
travel
hopper
578
airlines
yearend
deal
compared
month
flights
cheapest
europe

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 108


### TITLE: 
Boeing union backs sweetened contract offer that could end strike, sets vote for Monday

### TEXT: 
Boeing workers from the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers District 751 gather on a picket line near the entrance to a Boeing production facility on the day of a vote on a new contract proposal during an ongoing strike in Renton, Washington, U.S. October 23, 2024.

Boeing and its machinists' union have agreed on a new negotiated offer to raise worker pay and potentially end a crippling strike that began seven weeks ago with a vote on the new proposal set for Monday.

The union urged workers to approve the contract. Getting workers back into factories is urgent for Boeing as it faces mounting losses.

"In every negotiation and strike, there is a point where we have extracted everything that we can in bargaining and by withholding our labor," the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers District 751 said Thursday. "We are at that point now and risk a regressive or lesser offer in the future."

The new proposal includes 38% general wage increases over four years, up from a previous offer for 35%, bringing the compounding pay increases to close to 44%, the union said Thursday. It also gives workers the option of a $12,000 one-time ratification bonus or to choose a previous offer for a $7,000 ratification bonus and a $5,000 401(k) contribution.

The union said that asking its members to stay on strike longer "wouldn't be right as we have achieved so much success."

Boeing's more than 32,000 machinists, mostly based in the Seattle area, walked off the job on Sept. 13 after turning down a tentative agreement. They rejected another proposal earlier this month, extending the strike.

Boeing said Thursday that at the end of the contract, machinist pay will average $119,309.

"It's time we all come back together and focus on rebuilding the business and delivering the world's best airplanes," Boeing's CEO Kelly Ortberg said in a note to staff on Friday. "There are a lot of people depending on us."

He urged workers to vote "since the results of the vote will affect all of us."

The Biden administration has gotten involved in negotiations during the strike, which has halted most aircraft production at Boeing, a top U.S. exporter. Acting Labor Secretary Julie Su met with the company and the union this week.

The Boeing strike took a bite out of U.S. employment numbers in October, according to Friday's U.S. jobs report, the last before the Nov. 5 presidential election.

President Joe Biden congratulated the union and Boeing for the new contract proposal.

"Machinists at Boeing have sacrificed over the years and deserve a strong contract," he said in a statement on Friday, shortly after the jobs report was released.

### DATE: 
2024-10-31

### Summary: 
Boeing and its machinists' union have agreed on a new negotiated offer to raise worker pay and potentially end a crippling strike that began seven weeks ago with a vote on the new proposal set for Monday.
Boeing said Thursday that at the end of the contract, machinist pay will average $119,309.
He urged workers to vote "since the results of the vote will affect all of us."
The Boeing strike took a bite out of U.S. employment numbers in October, according to Friday's U.S. jobs report, the last before the Nov. 5 presidential election.
President Joe Biden congratulated the union and Boeing for the new contract proposal.

### Keywords: 
union
offer
vote
backs
pay
contract
strike
boeing
end
proposal
machinists
sets
workers
sweetened

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 109


### TITLE: 
We're hiking our price target on an industrial whose earnings benefit from AI data center boom

### TEXT: 
Electrical components and power systems company Eaton delivered mixed third-quarter results Thursday morning, and its stock paid the price. Revenue increased over 8% year over year (both organic and on a reported basis) to $6.35 billion, slightly below the $6.37 billion the Street was looking for, according to analyst estimates compiled by LSEG. It should be noted, however, that in management's estimation, Hurricane Helene in Florida and the ongoing labor Boeing strike, both temporary issues, were together a roughly $50 million revenue headwind. Adjusted earnings per share jumped 15% to a record $2.84, better than LSEG's $2.80 consensus. Segment margin , similar to an adjusted operating income margin, expanded 76 basis points, to a quarterly record of 24.3%, ahead of the 23.9% estimate. Eaton management raised its full-year guidance for both operating margin and earnings per share (EPS). The company's outlook for the current (fourth) quarter was mixed. ETN YTD mountain Eaton YTD We didn't see anything in Eaton's report or management's outlook for the remainder of the year and into 2025 that causes us to rethink our investment. Given the stock's 34% gain year to date, which has outpaced the S & P 500 's advance, it's not too surprising to see some profit taking on the mixed print. We're keeping our wait-for-a-pullback 2 rating . However, we're increasing our price target to $375 per share from $350, implying over 9% upside from Wednesday's close. Bottom line A major driver for Eaton, central to our investment thesis, is selling products needed to power the build-out of data centers to handle artificial intelligence workloads. If we've learned anything from the megacap cloud providers that have already reported earnings, this demand will continue well into 2025 and should play right into Eaton's hands. Indeed, CFO Oliveri Leonetti said on the post-earnings conference call, "Electrical backlog benefited from acceleration in order intake from tailwinds of the secular trends, including hyperscale orders within the data center end market." Overall profitability was better than expected and top-line momentum continued in the two most consequential segments – Electrical Americas and Electrical Global. Indicative of continued momentum in Electrical Americas, the segment's backlog increased 26% year-over-year, closing out the quarter with a 1.2x book-to-bill ratio. As for the Aerospace segment — despite the sales miss, again largely attributable to the strike – the backlog increased 14% and realizing a 1.1x book-to-bill in the quarter. Operating and free cash flow results were a bit short versus expectations but do represent quarterly records for the company. Eaton Why we own it: Eaton has exposure to several important mega-trends like electrification, energy transition, and infrastructure spending. It is also a player in generative AI, where data centers use its power management solutions to keep up with the heightened demand for more computing power. In North America alone, the company has picked up more than 415 projects valued at more than $1 billion each, $1.2 trillion in total, since January 2021. We see a long runway for growth. Competitors : Parker-Hannifin , DuPont and Honeywell \ Most recent buy : Aug. 6, 2024 Initiated : Nov. 15, 2023 The effects of the hurricane and the Boeing strike factored into management's fourth-quarter guidance, which came up a tad short in terms of organic sales growth. That said, management was quick to note that these issues are transient and a matter of timing, not demand. In other words, revenue will be pushed out to 2025, not lost, which is why investors will be rewarded for sticking with the stock. We did book some profits in Eaton earlier this week , noting the bar was high going into Thursday's print. Thanks to our sale, we're in a position to view any further pullbacks as possible buying opportunities. We wouldn't be surprised to learn Eaton, in typical fashion, is keeping its outlook conservative — under-promising now so that they can overdeliver and guide higher in the quarters to come. Commentary Looking ahead to next year, data centers should continue to have relentless demand for more power, Aerospace will bounce back once the Boeing strike ends, and everything from commercial buildings to residential homes and vehicles is becoming more electrified. These secular trends are not going away anytime soon. Eaton provided details on North American megaprojects, which management defines as those projects with a value of $1 billion or more. "Megaproject announcements have accelerated in the past six months with project cancellation rates around 10%, well below historical levels," the company said in its earnings press release. In the third quarter, 49 projects were announced, worth over $175 billion, driving further growth in the backlog of planned projects, which now stands at about $1.8 trillion. In total, there are plans for 504 projects on the books. Only 16% of them have started, representing more than $1.7 billion in orders. The company says its contract win rate is nearly 40%. The team is in active negotiations for another $3 billion worth of orders. On the call, CEO Craig Arnold said, "Taken together, we think they provide a strong validation of the megatrends and support our view on the long-term outlook of our end markets. As we prepare for the growth ahead, we're making investments in our manufacturing capacity naturally." Guidance Eaton expects segment operating margins for the full year to land in a range of 23.5% to 23.9%, up from the prior range of 23.3% to 23.7%, and better than the 23.6% consensus, at the midpoint. Adjusted full-year EPS guidance was raised to a range of $10.75 to $10.81, an increase from the prior range of $10.65 and $10.75, and well ahead of the $10.67 estimate at the midpoint. Full-year organic sales growth guidance of 8% to 9% was left unchanged, slightly short of the 8.7% estimate, at the midpoint, as management increased its outlook for Electrical Americas while taking down Aerospace (ongoing strike), Vehicle and eMobility segments. Organic revenue in Q4 is expected to grow 6% to 7%, a miss versus the 8.3% the Street was looking for. Fourth-quarter Segment margin guidance of 23.6% to 24% is ahead of expectations for 23.6%, at the midpoint. Adjusted EPS in the fourth quarter of $2.78 to $2.84 is expected, matching the $2.81 estimate, at the midpoint. 2025 outlook Looking to next year, management didn't provide formal sales or earnings guidance, but they did provide growth assumptions for the company's key end markets. Data centers and distributed IT (17% of total sales), commercial aerospace (9% of sales), and electric vehicle (3% of sales) are expected to see "strong/double-digit growth" on a percentage basis. The Utility end market (11% of total sales) is expected to see "solid growth." Industrial facilities (12% of sales), defense aerospace (6% of sales), and commercial and institutional (20% of sales) are expected to realize "modest growth." Residential (6% of sales), machinery (05% of sales), and internal combustion engine light vehicles (4% of sales) are expected to see "slight growth." Commercial vehicles (7% of sales) are expected to "decline" in 2025. Put it all together, and the team sees overall 2025 market share growth of roughly 6% to 8%, with an incremental margin contribution of about 30% to 35% thanks to organic growth. Capital spending is expected to be between $900 million and $1 billion. Additionally, the company said that interest, pension, and other corporate expenses are expected to be a 20-cent per-share headwind to earnings. According to a note from Jefferies, the implied EPS guidance range is $11.50 to $12.50 next year, right about in line with expectations. (Jim Cramer's Charitable Trust is long EPS. See here for a full list of the stocks.) As a subscriber to the CNBC Investing Club with Jim Cramer, you will receive a trade alert before Jim makes a trade. Jim waits 45 minutes after sending a trade alert before buying or selling a stock in his charitable trust's portfolio. If Jim has talked about a stock on CNBC TV, he waits 72 hours after issuing the trade alert before executing the trade. THE ABOVE INVESTING CLUB INFORMATION IS SUBJECT TO OUR TERMS AND CONDITIONS AND PRIVACY POLICY , TOGETHER WITH OUR DISCLAIMER . NO FIDUCIARY OBLIGATION OR DUTY EXISTS, OR IS CREATED, BY VIRTUE OF YOUR RECEIPT OF ANY INFORMATION PROVIDED IN CONNECTION WITH THE INVESTING CLUB. NO SPECIFIC OUTCOME OR PROFIT IS GUARANTEED.

Eaton Corporation signage at the NYSE Source: NYSE

### DATE: 
2024-10-31

### Summary: 
Electrical components and power systems company Eaton delivered mixed third-quarter results Thursday morning, and its stock paid the price.
Eaton management raised its full-year guidance for both operating margin and earnings per share (EPS).
However, we're increasing our price target to $375 per share from $350, implying over 9% upside from Wednesday's close.
2025 outlook Looking to next year, management didn't provide formal sales or earnings guidance, but they did provide growth assumptions for the company's key end markets.
Industrial facilities (12% of sales), defense aerospace (6% of sales), and commercial and institutional (20% of sales) are expected to realize "modest growth."

### Keywords: 
expected
guidance
growth
data
eaton
boom
electrical
earnings
industrial
center
price
billion
benefit
ai
management
hiking
target
outlook
sales

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 110


### TITLE: 
Jim Cramer identifies an interesting buy level for our worst performing Big Tech stock this year

### TEXT: 
Every weekday the CNBC Investing Club with Jim Cramer holds a "Morning Meeting" livestream at 10:20 a.m. ET. Here's a recap of Thursday's key moments. 1. Stocks were in the red Thursday, with tech dragging the Nasdaq and S & P 500 lower by 2.4% and 1.6%, respectively, just before noon ET. Both were on track for a second consecutive day of losses. Microsoft was down 5.7% and Meta Platforms was down 3.6% after Wednesday night earnings releases failed to impress Wall Street. The negativity was spilling over to fellow Club names Apple and Amazon , which both report their latest quarterly results after Thursday's close. 2 . Jim Cramer said Thursday that Microsoft shares below $400 each would be an interesting buy level. Microsoft reported a strong quarter but delivered weaker-than-expected guidance . The software and cloud giant forecasted a slight deceleration in Azure growth and continued artificial intelligence spending. Microsoft stock, up around 8.5% year to date, has been the worst performer among our six megacap tech stocks. In contrast, Meta, up 63% year to date , has been second only to Nvidia 's more than 170% jump in 2024. 3. Shares of power management company Eaton fell 5.5% on Thursday after the company reported a small top-line miss in the third quarter. We had an idea the market was going to be unforgiving if the numbers weren't perfect, which was why we preemptively booked some profits on Eaton two days ago. "If you don't own Eaton, it's not a bad idea to start thinking about it," Jim said. Meanwhile, industrial gas company Linde delivered a top-line beat, but conservative guidance pushed shares nearly 3% lower. CEO Sanjiv Lamba will be on "Mad Money." Check email your inboxes and texts later for earnings analysis on both Linde and Eaton. 4. Stocks covered in Thursday's rapid fire at the end of the video were: Estee Lauder , SharkNinja , Merck , Bristol Myers , and Uber . (Jim Cramer's Charitable Trust is long META, MSFT, ETN, LIN. See here for a full list of the stocks.) As a subscriber to the CNBC Investing Club with Jim Cramer, you will receive a trade alert before Jim makes a trade. Jim waits 45 minutes after sending a trade alert before buying or selling a stock in his charitable trust's portfolio. If Jim has talked about a stock on CNBC TV, he waits 72 hours after issuing the trade alert before executing the trade. THE ABOVE INVESTING CLUB INFORMATION IS SUBJECT TO OUR TERMS AND CONDITIONS AND PRIVACY POLICY , TOGETHER WITH OUR DISCLAIMER . NO FIDUCIARY OBLIGATION OR DUTY EXISTS, OR IS CREATED, BY VIRTUE OF YOUR RECEIPT OF ANY INFORMATION PROVIDED IN CONNECTION WITH THE INVESTING CLUB. NO SPECIFIC OUTCOME OR PROFIT IS GUARANTEED.

Every weekday the CNBC Investing Club with Jim Cramer holds a "Morning Meeting" livestream at 10:20 a.m. ET. Here's a recap of Thursday's key moments.

### DATE: 
2024-10-31

### Summary: 
Every weekday the CNBC Investing Club with Jim Cramer holds a "Morning Meeting" livestream at 10:20 a.m.
Jim Cramer said Thursday that Microsoft shares below $400 each would be an interesting buy level.
As a subscriber to the CNBC Investing Club with Jim Cramer, you will receive a trade alert before Jim makes a trade.
THE ABOVE INVESTING CLUB INFORMATION IS SUBJECT TO OUR TERMS AND CONDITIONS AND PRIVACY POLICY , TOGETHER WITH OUR DISCLAIMER .
Every weekday the CNBC Investing Club with Jim Cramer holds a "Morning Meeting" livestream at 10:20 a.m.

### Keywords: 
performing
trade
interesting
club
stocks
worst
jim
cramer
thursdays
investing
microsoft
tech
eaton
level
cnbc
buy
stock
identifies

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 111


### TITLE: 
Boeing strike will dent last jobs report before election

### TEXT: 
Boeing workers gather on a picket line near the entrance to a Boeing facility during an ongoing strike on October 24, 2024 in Seattle, Washington.

Boeing 's more than seven-week machinist strike is set to hit Friday's U.S. jobs report — the last one that will be released before Nov. 5 presidential election and the Federal Reserve's meeting next week. The company's impending job cuts, meanwhile, will take months more to show up.

Some 44,000 U.S. workers were on strike when the Labor Department conducted its survey in mid-October. About 33,000 of them are Boeing machinists, who walked off the job on Sept. 13 after overwhelmingly voting against a union-endorsed labor contract and in favor of their first strike since 2008.

Economists expect the U.S. to have added 100,000 jobs in October. Bank of America this week forecast that payroll tallies will be at least 50,000 lower than they would have otherwise been because of the strikes and affects of both Hurricane Helene and Hurricane Milton.

Federal Reserve Governor Christopher Waller said in an Oct. 14 speech that those factors could have a 100,000-job impact on the October report and called the reductions a "significant but temporary loss of jobs." He said they "may have a small effect on the unemployment rate, but I'm not sure it will be that visible."

Boeing's machinist strike has complicated the plane maker's already difficult position as its new CEO, Kelly Ortberg, tries to steer the giant U.S. manufacturer and exporter out of safety, quality and financial crises. The unionized machinists, mostly in the Seattle area, voted 64% against a new proposal last week, which included 35% wage increases, compared with a 25% wage hike in an earlier tentative agreement.

### DATE: 
2024-10-31

### Summary: 
Boeing workers gather on a picket line near the entrance to a Boeing facility during an ongoing strike on October 24, 2024 in Seattle, Washington.
Boeing 's more than seven-week machinist strike is set to hit Friday's U.S. jobs report — the last one that will be released before Nov. 5 presidential election and the Federal Reserve's meeting next week.
Some 44,000 U.S. workers were on strike when the Labor Department conducted its survey in mid-October.
About 33,000 of them are Boeing machinists, who walked off the job on Sept. 13 after overwhelmingly voting against a union-endorsed labor contract and in favor of their first strike since 2008.
Boeing's machinist strike has complicated the plane maker's already difficult position as its new CEO, Kelly Ortberg, tries to steer the giant U.S. manufacturer and exporter out of safety, quality and financial crises.

### Keywords: 
workers
seattle
wage
week
strike
boeing
machinists
jobs
machinist
report
election
dent

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 112


### TITLE: 
United Airlines raises spending requirements to earn frequent flyer status

### TEXT: 
United Airlines customers will have to spend more to reach frequent flyer status next year, the latest move by the carrier to increase profits and give an exclusive feel to the increasingly crowded top ranks of airline loyalty programs.

The thresholds to earn elite status in the airline's MileagePlus program are going up about 25% and include either spending on a co-branded card or a combination of spending and flying. The status earning requirements and accompanying perks earned next year will be valid in 2026.

United, American Airlines , Delta Air Lines and other carriers have spent years changing their loyalty programs to reward travelers more based on how much they spend rather than how far they fly. Co-branded credit cards are a crucial business for airline profits, as banks pay carriers when consumers swipe those cards.

Elite status comes with perks like free upgrades (when available), earlier boarding, better seat selection and access to extra legroom options. Airlines have grappled with increasing numbers of high-spending customers, which have led to crowded lounges and swarms of travelers in early boarding groups.

The lowest level status, Silver Premier in 2025 will require customers to earn 5,000 premier qualifying points, or PQP, and fly 15 qualifying flights, up from 4,000 premier qualifying points and 12 qualifying flights.

Travelers earn one PQPs for every $1 they spend on United and other qualifying flights.

Earning Silver status only by spending — meaning getting to that status without the qualifying flights — will go for 6,000 points, up from 5,000. That would mean customers could spend $6,000 on United flights up from $5,000, regardless of the number of flights they take. Customers will also earn 1 PQP for every $20 they spend on co-branded cards, though some of the options in its credit card portfolio will offer 1 PQP for every $15 spent.

Here are the changes:

### DATE: 
2024-10-30

### Summary: 
The thresholds to earn elite status in the airline's MileagePlus program are going up about 25% and include either spending on a co-branded card or a combination of spending and flying.
The lowest level status, Silver Premier in 2025 will require customers to earn 5,000 premier qualifying points, or PQP, and fly 15 qualifying flights, up from 4,000 premier qualifying points and 12 qualifying flights.
Travelers earn one PQPs for every $1 they spend on United and other qualifying flights.
Earning Silver status only by spending — meaning getting to that status without the qualifying flights — will go for 6,000 points, up from 5,000.
That would mean customers could spend $6,000 on United flights up from $5,000, regardless of the number of flights they take.

### Keywords: 
flyer
airlines
premier
requirements
status
qualifying
spend
flights
spending
frequent
customers
raises
united
earn

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 113


### TITLE: 
Airbus delivers first extra-long-range Airbus A321 as smaller jets fly farther

### TEXT: 
An Airbus A321XLR Neo passenger aircraft performs a flying display at the Paris Air Show in Le Bourget, Paris, France, on Monday, June 19, 2023.

Airbus said Wednesday that it has handed over its first extra-long-range narrow-body aircraft, the A321XLR, marking another step in an era of smaller and more fuel-efficient jets flying longer distances, and further expanding a delivery gap between Airbus and rival Boeing .

The first aircraft was delivered to Spanish airline Iberia, which plans to debut it between Madrid and Boston next month. American Airlines and United Airlines have also ordered the 321XLRs.

Airbus said the XLR can fly up to 11 hours nonstop, or 4,700 nautical miles, about 15% farther than the A321LR, a long-range version of the 321 aircraft, which is used for trans-Atlantic missions like JetBlue 's service between New York and Amsterdam.

The plane maker has been working on getting the aircraft certified for five years. It burns about 30% less fuel than older aircraft, the manufacturer said.

### DATE: 
2024-10-30

### Summary: 
An Airbus A321XLR Neo passenger aircraft performs a flying display at the Paris Air Show in Le Bourget, Paris, France, on Monday, June 19, 2023.
Airbus said Wednesday that it has handed over its first extra-long-range narrow-body aircraft, the A321XLR, marking another step in an era of smaller and more fuel-efficient jets flying longer distances, and further expanding a delivery gap between Airbus and rival Boeing .
The first aircraft was delivered to Spanish airline Iberia, which plans to debut it between Madrid and Boston next month.
American Airlines and United Airlines have also ordered the 321XLRs.
The plane maker has been working on getting the aircraft certified for five years.

### Keywords: 
jets
smaller
xlr
fly
paris
york
a321
aircraft
airlines
extralongrange
farther
working
version
airbus
a321xlr
flying
delivers

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 114


### TITLE: 
We upgraded Stanley Black & Decker stock despite the post-earnings selling

### TEXT: 
Stanley Black & Decker reported mixed quarterly results before Tuesday's opening bell, and the stock got whacked. While the numbers were disappointing, the company's turnaround continues to plan. Revenue fell 5% year over year to $3.75 billion in the third quarter, shy of the $3.8 billion expected by analysts, according to estimates compiled by LSEG. Organically, sales were down 2% year-over-year. Adjusted earnings per share rose 16% to $1.22, topping LSEG's estimate of $1.05. SWK YTD mountain Stanley Black & Decker YTD Shares of Stanley Black & Decker consolidated around an 8% decline after the release. The stock had been down more than 13%, below $90 at the lows of the session. We upgraded Stanley Black & Decker on Tuesday morning back to our buy-equivalent 1 rating on the belief the stock reaction to the print was overdone. Bottom Line While sales missed in both key operating segments, Tools & Outdoor and Industrial, we're more focused on how profitability in each still managed to outpace expectations. Free cash flow came up a bit short but was still more than adequate to support the dividend, continue working down debt, and invest in further growth. CEO Donald Allan said on the post-earnings call, "We have deployed new investments to stimulate sustainable growth with the primary goal of reinvigorating share gain to achieve organic growth of 2 to 3 times the market over the long term." Sales results are a product of end market demand, and we know that's going to be under pressure until the housing market starts to turn. For that to happen, we need to see interest rates – and more specifically mortgage rates – come down to spur demand for both new home buying and renovation projects. The power tools and hand tools needed for homebuilding and fixing up existing homes are made by Stanley Black & Decker whose brands include those namesakes as well as Dewalt for pros and Craftsman for consumers. The 10-year Treasury yield , which influences mortgage rates, has been rising despite the Federal Reserve's jumbo first rate cut of its easing cycle last month and promises of more reductions to come. Stanley Black & Decker Why we own it: Stanley Black & Decker is in the later innings of a multi-year restructuring plan. The company launched a series of initiatives designed to generate cost savings, optimize inventory, streamline and simplify the organization, and transform its supply chain. Although the repair and remodeling demand environment is soft due to elevated mortgage rates, management's cost-cutting plan will create a stronger company for the next cycle. As we wait for the turnaround to play out, we're getting paid a hefty dividend. Competitors: Bosch, Techtronic Industries and Illinois Tool Works Most recent buy: July 2, 2024 Initiation: June 14, 2023 In the meantime, management is making progress overhauling the company and making it more efficient. When rates do start to drop and investors gain conviction that they are going to stay down, this stock will prove to be a coiled spring thanks to the team's strong execution in the recent quarter on the things they can control. To this point, both gross and operating margins expanded year-over-year and were better than expected. The gross margin expansion was largely attributable to supply chain improvements. "We are optimistic that the markets will turn in our favor in the future as interest rate cuts in many geographies likely will prove to be an initial catalyst," Allan said on the call. "There will be a lag between lower rates and the flow through to demand for our categories, and we expect choppy markets will extend into the first half of next year until interest rate reductions have a greater effect and the U.S. election result is known and settled. As a short-cycle business, we will plan our production and inventory thoughtfully to ensure we are ready for stronger demand in the future, which could be as early as the second half of 2025." We think the market took this to mean a pushout of when demand will improve. The nature of short-cycle business is a quicker turnaround time from manufacturing to product delivery. Management remains on track to achieve its target of $2 billion in pre-tax, run-rate cost savings by the end of 2025. The company cut costs by another $105 million in the third quarter for a total-to-date savings of $1.4 billion. The team is also making good progress toward its 35%+ long-term gross margin target, with 30.5% in Q3 tracking well above the 29.1% gross margin in the first half of the year. Management expects further gross margin expansion in the current (fourth) quarter. Commentary Sales at Tools & Outdoor fell 3% year-over-year, down 2% organic, as a 1% benefit from price actions were more than offset by a 1% currency headwind and a 3% decline in sales volume. Growth in Dewalt, which was up for the sixth consecutive quarter, was more than offset by the weak consumer and DIY backdrop. Geographically, North American sales were down 4% organic, while Europe was up 1% organic, and the rest of the world was up 6% organic. Adjusted segment margin expanded 180 basis points versus the year-ago period, thanks largely to supply chain efficiency gains. We could have seen in even more expansion except that management opted, rightly in our view, to invest in further growth initiatives. Industrial segment sales — largely comprising of fasteners made for end markets such as automotive and aerospace — fell roughly 18%. However, volume was only down 2% while prices were up 1% versus the year ago period — so organically, revenue was only down 1% year over year. The divestiture of the company's Infrastructure business accounted for 17 percentage points of decline. Guidance Management updated its outlook for the remainder of the year, tightening its full-year earnings outlook, now targeting an adjusted EPS range of $3.90 to $4.30 versus a wider range of $3.70 to $4.50 previously. The midpoint, however, remains the same at $4.10, which is short versus expectations of $4.20. The team is expecting a bit less depreciation and lower capital expenditures now versus the guidance provided with the second quarter release, though that will be partially offset by an expectation for higher-than-expected inventory levels at year-end. The midpoint reiterated and not raised on the back of a Q3 earnings beat is likely putting some pressure on the stock because it means that management isn't passing the beat through to guidance. The implication is that the implied current (fourth) quarter guidance is a bit light versus expectations. Full-year free cash flow guidance was reaffirmed at $650 million to $850 million, which at the $750 million midpoint comes up short versus the $818 million estimate. (Jim Cramer's Charitable Trust is long SWK. See here for a full list of the stocks.) As a subscriber to the CNBC Investing Club with Jim Cramer, you will receive a trade alert before Jim makes a trade. Jim waits 45 minutes after sending a trade alert before buying or selling a stock in his charitable trust's portfolio. If Jim has talked about a stock on CNBC TV, he waits 72 hours after issuing the trade alert before executing the trade. THE ABOVE INVESTING CLUB INFORMATION IS SUBJECT TO OUR TERMS AND CONDITIONS AND PRIVACY POLICY , TOGETHER WITH OUR DISCLAIMER . NO FIDUCIARY OBLIGATION OR DUTY EXISTS, OR IS CREATED, BY VIRTUE OF YOUR RECEIPT OF ANY INFORMATION PROVIDED IN CONNECTION WITH THE INVESTING CLUB. NO SPECIFIC OUTCOME OR PROFIT IS GUARANTEED.

The New York Stock Exchange welcomes DEWALT (NYSE: SWK), on May 14, 2024, in celebration of its 100th anniversary of founding. To honor the occasion, Donald Allan, Jr., President & CEO of Stanley Black & Decker, joined by Chris Taylor, NYSE Global Head of Advisory, rings the Opening Bell®. NYSE

### DATE: 
2024-10-29

### Summary: 
Stanley Black & Decker reported mixed quarterly results before Tuesday's opening bell, and the stock got whacked.
SWK YTD mountain Stanley Black & Decker YTD Shares of Stanley Black & Decker consolidated around an 8% decline after the release.
We upgraded Stanley Black & Decker on Tuesday morning back to our buy-equivalent 1 rating on the belief the stock reaction to the print was overdone.
Stanley Black & Decker Why we own it: Stanley Black & Decker is in the later innings of a multi-year restructuring plan.
To honor the occasion, Donald Allan, Jr., President & CEO of Stanley Black & Decker, joined by Chris Taylor, NYSE Global Head of Advisory, rings the Opening Bell®.

### Keywords: 
management
despite
sales
quarter
upgraded
black
rates
stanley
decker
selling
demand
versus
postearnings
stock

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 115


### TITLE: 
We're making a flurry of trades: Buying 2 beaten-up stocks, taking profits in another

### TEXT: 
We are selling 185 shares of Best Buy at roughly $89.98 Following the trade, Jim Cramer's Charitable Trust will own 765 shares of BBY, decreasing its weighting to about 2.0% from 2.5%. We're also buying 25 shares of Danaher at roughly $243.21 and 25 shares of Constellation Brands at $236.36. After the trades, we will own 500 shares of Danaher, boosting its weighting to 3.50% from 3.3%, and 425 shares of Constellation Brands, increasing its weighting to 2.90% from 2.70%. We're locking in profits in Best Buy based on a theme developing this earnings season. A handful of stocks started to rally late in the summer on optimism around interest rate cuts, and now many of those companies are giving back gains on underwhelming guidance. We're seeing two good examples in the housing complex Tuesday, with home builder D.R. Horton and Club-owned toolmaker Stanley Black & Decker selling off on their respective reports. Best Buy still has a strong long-term thesis — rooted in a refresh cycle for PCs and other consumer electrics innovations lifting comparable sales back into positive territory — but it also needs existing home sales to pick up again, which would drive purchases of appliances and TVs. With mortgage rates moving in the wrong direction, we want to protect our gains and be ready to buy at lower prices in case there is disappointment when Best Buy itself reports in late November. From this sale, we'll realize a gain of about 10% on stock purchased in March 2024. We're taking the Best Buy sale proceeds to pick up shares in two stocks that have been beaten up post-earnings: Danaher and Constellation Brands. As noted in Monday's Homestretch , Danaher stock last week suffered its worst weekly performance since 2020. The decline looks excessive considering the quality of the company and the nature of the quarter. Danaher reported a much better-than-expected third quarter , featuring a return to core growth in bioprocessing for the first time since late 2022 to early 2023. The bioprocessing recovery has been the main focal point of investors for years, so it was reasonable to think the stock would have rallied after the quarter. In fact, it did in premarket trading, but then it sold off hard during the conference call after management gave conservative commentary about the fourth quarter and 2025. We do not think this is a sign that management is worried about its business. Instead, we see this as executives being their usual, conservative selves. They like to keep expectations reasonable and then beat them. Expectations for 2025 are now much lower than where they were two weeks ago, all while the bioprocessing recovery thesis is intact. That gives us the confidence to make another buy after unloading a total of 125 shares at $269 in July and September. Our first purchase came last Wednesday , the day after earnings. As for Constellation Brands, we are adding to our position on the belief the stock, at roughly 17 times forward earnings, is now a good value. For a company that consistently delivers double-digit earnings growth, that's an attractive multiple to step in. Plus, the market isn't appreciating Constellation's emerging free cash flow growth story. The Corona and Modelo parent is a couple of quarters away from moving past its peak investment phase for brewery capacity expansion. Once Constellation puts that in the rearview mirror, a new phase predicated on returning cash to shareholders will begin. The consensus free cash flow estimate for the current fiscal year is $1.6 billion, according to FactSet. Analysts expect this will grow to about $2 billion in fiscal 2026 and $2.7 billion in fiscal 2027 as capital expenditures plummet. In the future, we expect bigger buybacks and dividend increases. Presidential election risk appears to be an overhang on Constellation stock right now due to concerns about stricter immigration policy and tariffs on goods from Mexico. However, these headwinds may be overblown. (Jim Cramer's Charitable Trust is long BBY, STZ and DHR. See here for a full list of the stocks.) As a subscriber to the CNBC Investing Club with Jim Cramer, you will receive a trade alert before Jim makes a trade. Jim waits 45 minutes after sending a trade alert before buying or selling a stock in his charitable trust's portfolio. If Jim has talked about a stock on CNBC TV, he waits 72 hours after issuing the trade alert before executing the trade. THE ABOVE INVESTING CLUB INFORMATION IS SUBJECT TO OUR TERMS AND CONDITIONS AND PRIVACY POLICY , TOGETHER WITH OUR DISCLAIMER . NO FIDUCIARY OBLIGATION OR DUTY EXISTS, OR IS CREATED, BY VIRTUE OF YOUR RECEIPT OF ANY INFORMATION PROVIDED IN CONNECTION WITH THE INVESTING CLUB. NO SPECIFIC OUTCOME OR PROFIT IS GUARANTEED.

NEW YORK, NEW YORK - OCTOBER 16: Traders and others work on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) floor in New York City. Spencer Platt | Getty Images

### DATE: 
2024-10-29

### Summary: 
We're also buying 25 shares of Danaher at roughly $243.21 and 25 shares of Constellation Brands at $236.36.
We're locking in profits in Best Buy based on a theme developing this earnings season.
We're taking the Best Buy sale proceeds to pick up shares in two stocks that have been beaten up post-earnings: Danaher and Constellation Brands.
As noted in Monday's Homestretch , Danaher stock last week suffered its worst weekly performance since 2020.
NEW YORK, NEW YORK - OCTOBER 16: Traders and others work on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) floor in New York City.

### Keywords: 
trades
taking
buying
trade
shares
profits
stocks
constellation
jim
best
york
quarter
danaher
beatenup
making
buy
stock
flurry

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 116


### TITLE: 
This is Cramer's favorite stock even though it's down 10% since earnings last week

### TEXT: 
Every weekday the CNBC Investing Club with Jim Cramer holds a "Morning Meeting" livestream at 10:20 a.m. ET. Here's a recap of Tuesday's key moments. 1. Stocks were mixed Tuesday as investors await Big Tech earnings this week. Club names Alphabet and Advanced Micro Devices report quarterly results after the bell. Speaking on a panel in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, Larry Fink, CEO of Club holding BlackRock , predicted Fed interest rates won't be as low as what the market was anticipating. He believes there will be at least 25 basis points of cuts before the end of the year. That would not bode well for several Club stocks that benefit from lower rates including Home Depot , Stanley Black & Decker, Best Buy and TJX . 2. Shares of Stanley Black & Decker were pairing some of their post-earnings losses since the Morning Meeting was recorded — down about 9% now. Jim Cramer called the stock a buy on "Squawk on the Street." He was more tempered during the Morning Meeting. But in the end, Jim thinks Stanley Black & Decker can be bought, and we're upgrading the stock to our 1 rating . Check your email inboxes and texts later for the full earnings analysis. 3. Danaher had a good third quarter last Tuesday, yet the stock has dropped 10% since then. Jim said he wants to buy more shares on weakness. "There's no better company than Danaher," Jim noted, citing management's strong execution. Yet the stock got dinged on lack of 2025 clarity due to low visibility in Chinese stimulus. Danaher has a significant presence in the world's second-largest economy. We upgraded Danaher to our buy-equivalent 1 rating and increased our price target to $305 per share from $295. 4. Stocks covered in Tuesday's rapid fire at the end of the video were: Ford , D.R. Horton , VF Corp , Pfizer , and Crocs . (Jim Cramer's Charitable Trust is long GOOGL, AMD, HD, SWK, BBY, TJX, DHR. See here for a full list of the stocks.) As a subscriber to the CNBC Investing Club with Jim Cramer, you will receive a trade alert before Jim makes a trade. Jim waits 45 minutes after sending a trade alert before buying or selling a stock in his charitable trust's portfolio. If Jim has talked about a stock on CNBC TV, he waits 72 hours after issuing the trade alert before executing the trade. THE ABOVE INVESTING CLUB INFORMATION IS SUBJECT TO OUR TERMS AND CONDITIONS AND PRIVACY POLICY , TOGETHER WITH OUR DISCLAIMER . NO FIDUCIARY OBLIGATION OR DUTY EXISTS, OR IS CREATED, BY VIRTUE OF YOUR RECEIPT OF ANY INFORMATION PROVIDED IN CONNECTION WITH THE INVESTING CLUB. NO SPECIFIC OUTCOME OR PROFIT IS GUARANTEED.

### DATE: 
2024-10-29

### Summary: 
Every weekday the CNBC Investing Club with Jim Cramer holds a "Morning Meeting" livestream at 10:20 a.m.
Shares of Stanley Black & Decker were pairing some of their post-earnings losses since the Morning Meeting was recorded — down about 9% now.
As a subscriber to the CNBC Investing Club with Jim Cramer, you will receive a trade alert before Jim makes a trade.
THE ABOVE INVESTING CLUB INFORMATION IS SUBJECT TO OUR TERMS AND CONDITIONS AND PRIVACY POLICY , TOGETHER WITH OUR DISCLAIMER .
NO FIDUCIARY OBLIGATION OR DUTY EXISTS, OR IS CREATED, BY VIRTUE OF YOUR RECEIPT OF ANY INFORMATION PROVIDED IN CONNECTION WITH THE INVESTING CLUB.

### Keywords: 
trade
meeting
club
earnings
stocks
jim
stanley
cramers
danaher
week
investing
morning
favorite
stock

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 117


### TITLE: 
Jim Cramer says buy Stanley Black & Decker's post-earnings plunge 'aggressively'

### TEXT: 
Stanley Black & Decker stock plunged Tuesday on the company's quarterly earnings release — a move Jim Cramer said investors should capitalize on. Shares of the toolmaker shed nearly 12% Tuesday after third-quarter revenues and its implied fourth-quarter guidance came in lighter than Wall Street expected. Still, Jim described the decline as unwarranted. "I would buy the stock," he said on "Squawk on the Street." "I would buy the stock aggressively." That's because the quarter was not as rough as the market reaction suggests. "This was not a bad quarter," Jim argued. "In the conference call, [management] says, 'Look. we don't have the numbers we'd like.'..That's because you need to have some pickup or belief that your house is going to gain value before you decide that you're going to buy the DeWalt, which is the professional, or the Stanley Black & Decker, which is the do-it-yourself." Plus, the stock still has a key catalyst on the horizon — the U.S. central bank's loosening monetary policy. As the Federal Reserve continues to lower borrowing costs, activity in the housing market should pickup, boosting demand for Stanley Black & Decker's tools. The bond market in recent weeks has not cooperated with that thesis , but we're not throwing in the towel just yet. "If you believe the rate cycle is coming, that's the stock to buy," Jim added. "The first trade has not been the right trade." (Jim Cramer's Charitable Trust is long SWK. See here for a full list of the stocks.) As a subscriber to the CNBC Investing Club with Jim Cramer, you will receive a trade alert before Jim makes a trade. Jim waits 45 minutes after sending a trade alert before buying or selling a stock in his charitable trust's portfolio. If Jim has talked about a stock on CNBC TV, he waits 72 hours after issuing the trade alert before executing the trade. THE ABOVE INVESTING CLUB INFORMATION IS SUBJECT TO OUR TERMS AND CONDITIONS AND PRIVACY POLICY , TOGETHER WITH OUR DISCLAIMER . NO FIDUCIARY OBLIGATION OR DUTY EXISTS, OR IS CREATED, BY VIRTUE OF YOUR RECEIPT OF ANY INFORMATION PROVIDED IN CONNECTION WITH THE INVESTING CLUB. NO SPECIFIC OUTCOME OR PROFIT IS GUARANTEED.

Stanley Black & Decker power drills are displayed for sale at a Home Depot store in Colma, California. David Paul Morris | Bloomberg | Getty Images

### DATE: 
2024-10-29

### Summary: 
Stanley Black & Decker stock plunged Tuesday on the company's quarterly earnings release — a move Jim Cramer said investors should capitalize on.
As the Federal Reserve continues to lower borrowing costs, activity in the housing market should pickup, boosting demand for Stanley Black & Decker's tools.
"If you believe the rate cycle is coming, that's the stock to buy," Jim added.
As a subscriber to the CNBC Investing Club with Jim Cramer, you will receive a trade alert before Jim makes a trade.
Stanley Black & Decker power drills are displayed for sale at a Home Depot store in Colma, California.

### Keywords: 
trade
club
buy
jim
black
market
stanley
deckers
cramer
decker
investing
aggressively
postearnings
stock
plunge

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 118


### TITLE: 
Jim Cramer's latest thinking on our industrial stocks after their post-earnings slumps

### TEXT: 
Every weekday the CNBC Investing Club with Jim Cramer holds a "Morning Meeting" livestream at 10:20 a.m. ET. Here's a recap of Friday's key moments. 1. The S & P 500 is in the green Friday morning, extending Thursday's gains, which ended a three-day losing streak. Big Tech contributed to the rally, and that includes Apple despite a downgrade from KeyBanc that took the stock to underweight from sector weight. KeyBanc cited slow upgrade trends in recent earnings from T-Mobile , AT & T and Verizon as one reason for the call. Jim Cramer acknowledged the iPhone 16 cycle "has been a yawner" so far, but encouraged investors to stay invested so they don't miss potential big moves in the stock. We'll hear from the iPhone maker next week when it reports earnings along with its fellow megacap peers including Amazon , Meta , and Alphabet . 2. Dover shares rose more than 1% Friday after reporting a noisy third quarter Thursday that pressured the stock. But Jim said he likes how Dover's repositioned its portfolio to focus on faster-growing markets, such as AI servers and data centers along with the biopharmaceutical industry. "They've got the best end-markets," Jim said. We kept our 1 rating and price target of $200 a share on the stock. The pullback in shares looks like an attractive buying opportunity that we would potentially pounce on if we weren't' restricted. 3. Shares of Honeywell seesawed Friday as investors continue to chew on the industrial conglomerate's disappointing third quarter , which sent the stock down 5% Thursday. The results were hurt by bad execution, energy project delays, and a lack of recovery in industrial automation. The market was also disappointed that the company didn't provide initial framework on 2025. Honeywell is a battleground stock, with reasons to like it and question it. "So, maybe we hold on, but I've got to tell you, if it gets back to where it was, I've had enough of Honeywell," Jim said. 4. Stocks covered in Friday's rapid fire at the end of the video were: Tapestry , Western Digital , Colgate-Palmolive , Deckers Outdoor , and Newell Brands . (Jim Cramer's Charitable Trust is long AAPL, META, AMZN, DOV, HON. See here for a full list of the stocks.) As a subscriber to the CNBC Investing Club with Jim Cramer, you will receive a trade alert before Jim makes a trade. Jim waits 45 minutes after sending a trade alert before buying or selling a stock in his charitable trust's portfolio. If Jim has talked about a stock on CNBC TV, he waits 72 hours after issuing the trade alert before executing the trade. THE ABOVE INVESTING CLUB INFORMATION IS SUBJECT TO OUR TERMS AND CONDITIONS AND PRIVACY POLICY , TOGETHER WITH OUR DISCLAIMER . NO FIDUCIARY OBLIGATION OR DUTY EXISTS, OR IS CREATED, BY VIRTUE OF YOUR RECEIPT OF ANY INFORMATION PROVIDED IN CONNECTION WITH THE INVESTING CLUB. NO SPECIFIC OUTCOME OR PROFIT IS GUARANTEED.

### DATE: 
2024-10-25

### Summary: 
Every weekday the CNBC Investing Club with Jim Cramer holds a "Morning Meeting" livestream at 10:20 a.m.
"So, maybe we hold on, but I've got to tell you, if it gets back to where it was, I've had enough of Honeywell," Jim said.
As a subscriber to the CNBC Investing Club with Jim Cramer, you will receive a trade alert before Jim makes a trade.
THE ABOVE INVESTING CLUB INFORMATION IS SUBJECT TO OUR TERMS AND CONDITIONS AND PRIVACY POLICY , TOGETHER WITH OUR DISCLAIMER .
NO FIDUCIARY OBLIGATION OR DUTY EXISTS, OR IS CREATED, BY VIRTUE OF YOUR RECEIPT OF ANY INFORMATION PROVIDED IN CONNECTION WITH THE INVESTING CLUB.

### Keywords: 
thinking
trade
club
stocks
latest
industrial
jim
slumps
alert
cramers
cramer
investing
honeywell
cnbc
postearnings
stock
shares

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 119


### TITLE: 
Spirit Airlines stock jumps 15% after struggling budget carrier said it will sell planes, cut jobs

### TEXT: 
Spirit Airlines baggage tags are seen near a check-in counter at the Austin-Bergstrom International Airport on April 10, 2024 in Austin, Texas.

Spirit Airlines shares surged Friday after the struggling budget carrier said it would cut jobs and sell aircraft.

The stock closed the day 16% higher, at $2.79 per share.

The carrier late Thursday laid out a plan to reduce costs and raise cash by selling 23 older Airbus aircraft. That sale will bring in $519 million, Spirit said in a securities filing.

It also said it will reduce costs by about $80 million, mostly through job cuts.

### DATE: 
2024-10-25

### Summary: 
Spirit Airlines baggage tags are seen near a check-in counter at the Austin-Bergstrom International Airport on April 10, 2024 in Austin, Texas.
Spirit Airlines shares surged Friday after the struggling budget carrier said it would cut jobs and sell aircraft.
The carrier late Thursday laid out a plan to reduce costs and raise cash by selling 23 older Airbus aircraft.
That sale will bring in $519 million, Spirit said in a securities filing.
It also said it will reduce costs by about $80 million, mostly through job cuts.

### Keywords: 
tags
budget
struggling
million
cut
spirit
airlines
jumps
texasspirit
sell
planes
carrier
surged
jobs
reduce
stock
costs

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 120


### TITLE: 
Spirit AeroSystems weighs hundreds more furloughs or layoffs if Boeing strike goes beyond Nov. 25

### TEXT: 
Spirit AeroSystems is weighing furloughs or layoffs of hundreds more employees if the Boeing machinists' strike stretches beyond Nov. 25, a company spokesman told CNBC on Thursday.

Boeing's machinists, whose strike is about to enter its sixth week, voted 64% against a newly proposed labor contract on Wednesday, extending the work stoppage that has halted production of most of Boeing's aircraft, which is centered in the Seattle area.

Spirit, which makes fuselages for Boeing's best-selling 737 Max as well as other major parts, had already been preparing to temporarily furlough about 700 workers in its Wichita, Kansas, facilities. Those 21-day furloughs could begin next week.

Further reductions would be in addition to those furloughs, but no decision has been made, said Spirit spokesman Joe Buccino.

Spirit's consideration of additional furloughs demonstrates how the lengthy strike is weighing on an already-fragile aerospace supply chain. Boeing suppliers have largely hesitated to cut staff in part because they had spent years rebuilding their workforces in the wake of the Covid-19 pandemic. Airbus is also facing similar supply chain pressure.

More than 32,000 Boeing machinists in the Puget Sound area, Oregon and other locations walked off the job on Sept. 13 after turning down an earlier tentative agreement.

Boeing is in the process of acquiring Spirit, a deal it expects to close next year. Spirit has been burning through cash and, on Wednesday, reported a third-quarter net loss of $477 million, more than double a year earlier.

Boeing's new CEO Kelly Ortberg has said getting a deal with its Seattle-area machinists and ending the strike is a top priority, and the workers' union has said it is eager to get back to the negotiating table.

### DATE: 
2024-10-24

### Summary: 
Spirit AeroSystems is weighing furloughs or layoffs of hundreds more employees if the Boeing machinists' strike stretches beyond Nov. 25, a company spokesman told CNBC on Thursday.
Further reductions would be in addition to those furloughs, but no decision has been made, said Spirit spokesman Joe Buccino.
Spirit's consideration of additional furloughs demonstrates how the lengthy strike is weighing on an already-fragile aerospace supply chain.
More than 32,000 Boeing machinists in the Puget Sound area, Oregon and other locations walked off the job on Sept. 13 after turning down an earlier tentative agreement.
Boeing is in the process of acquiring Spirit, a deal it expects to close next year.

### Keywords: 
supply
workers
hundreds
spokesman
layoffs
goes
spirit
weighing
deal
machinists
strike
boeing
furloughs
aerosystems
weighs
nov

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 121


### TITLE: 
One of our stocks is holding back the Dow as the S&P 500 and Nasdaq bounce back

### TEXT: 
Every weekday the CNBC Investing Club with Jim Cramer holds a "Morning Meeting" livestream at 10:20 a.m. ET. Here's a recap of Thursday's key moments. The S & P 500 moved higher, trying to break a three-session losing streak. Bonds were the difference Thursday as the recent rise in the 10-year Treasury yield took a pause. Mixed economic data didn't really sway expectations for the Fed to cut interest rates by another half-point before year-end. Central bankers started their easing cycle with a jumbo half-point rate reduction in September. The Nasdaq also perked up Thursday, one day after a 1.6% plunge that broke five straight sessions higher. Tesla shares' 17% post-earnings jump was helping tech stocks. Chip stocks were largely higher after semiconductor equipment maker Lam Research 's quarterly beats and stock pop. Advanced Micro Devices rose Thursday after back-to-back down days. Fellow Club chipmaker Nvidia , however, was working a three-session losing streak. The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell modestly, under pressure from declines in Club and Dow stock Honeywell following a mixed quarter and a disappointing sales outlook. Dover , another Club industrial name but not a Dow component, also dropped on mixed quarterly results. Check out Jeff Marks' analysis in the Morning Meeting video and watch your email inboxes and texts later for our full earnings commentaries. (See here for a full list of the stocks in Jim Cramer's Charitable Trust.) As a subscriber to the CNBC Investing Club with Jim Cramer, you will receive a trade alert before Jim makes a trade. Jim waits 45 minutes after sending a trade alert before buying or selling a stock in his charitable trust's portfolio. If Jim has talked about a stock on CNBC TV, he waits 72 hours after issuing the trade alert before executing the trade. THE ABOVE INVESTING CLUB INFORMATION IS SUBJECT TO OUR TERMS AND CONDITIONS AND PRIVACY POLICY , TOGETHER WITH OUR DISCLAIMER . NO FIDUCIARY OBLIGATION OR DUTY EXISTS, OR IS CREATED, BY VIRTUE OF YOUR RECEIPT OF ANY INFORMATION PROVIDED IN CONNECTION WITH THE INVESTING CLUB. NO SPECIFIC OUTCOME OR PROFIT IS GUARANTEED.

### DATE: 
2024-10-24

### Summary: 
Every weekday the CNBC Investing Club with Jim Cramer holds a "Morning Meeting" livestream at 10:20 a.m.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell modestly, under pressure from declines in Club and Dow stock Honeywell following a mixed quarter and a disappointing sales outlook.
As a subscriber to the CNBC Investing Club with Jim Cramer, you will receive a trade alert before Jim makes a trade.
THE ABOVE INVESTING CLUB INFORMATION IS SUBJECT TO OUR TERMS AND CONDITIONS AND PRIVACY POLICY , TOGETHER WITH OUR DISCLAIMER .
NO FIDUCIARY OBLIGATION OR DUTY EXISTS, OR IS CREATED, BY VIRTUE OF YOUR RECEIPT OF ANY INFORMATION PROVIDED IN CONNECTION WITH THE INVESTING CLUB.

### Keywords: 
trade
club
holding
stocks
jim
dow
nasdaq
investing
cnbc
stock
higher
500
bounce
sp
mixed

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 122


### TITLE: 
American Airlines lifts 2024 profit forecast after sales strategy shift, posts third-quarter loss

### TEXT: 
American Airlines posted a third-quarter loss but raised its profit forecast for the year as CEO Robert Isom said the company's sales strategy shift earlier this year is paying off.

The carrier said it expects to earn between 25 cents and 50 cents a share on an adjusted basis for the fourth quarter, above the 29 cents analysts polled by LSEG expected. For the full year, the airline expects to earn as much as an adjusted $1.60 a share, ahead of an earlier American forecast for no more than $1.30 a share.

American in May fired its chief commercial officer after a sales strategy that aimed to drive direct bookings backfired and quickly reverted much of its sales model.

"We have taken aggressive action to reset our sales and distribution strategy and reengage the business travel community, which we're confident will improve our revenue performance over time," Isom said in an earnings release on Thursday. "We have heard great feedback from travel agencies and corporate customers as we work to rebuild the foundation of our commercial strategy and make it easy for customers to do business with American."

Here is how American performed in the third quarter compared with Wall Street estimates compiled by LSEG:

Earnings per share: 30 cents adjusted vs. 16 cents

30 cents adjusted vs. 16 cents Revenue: $13.65 billion vs. $13.49 billion expected

American's revenue rose 1.2% to a record $13.65 billion for the three months ended Sept. 30, but posted a net loss of $149 million, narrower than the $545 million loss it reported a year earlier. Unit revenue fell 2% in the quarter.

For the fourth quarter, American said its unit revenue will likely drop between 1% to 3% compared with last year, with capacity up as much as 3% year over year.

### DATE: 
2024-10-24

### Summary: 
American Airlines posted a third-quarter loss but raised its profit forecast for the year as CEO Robert Isom said the company's sales strategy shift earlier this year is paying off.
The carrier said it expects to earn between 25 cents and 50 cents a share on an adjusted basis for the fourth quarter, above the 29 cents analysts polled by LSEG expected.
For the full year, the airline expects to earn as much as an adjusted $1.60 a share, ahead of an earlier American forecast for no more than $1.30 a share.
American in May fired its chief commercial officer after a sales strategy that aimed to drive direct bookings backfired and quickly reverted much of its sales model.
For the fourth quarter, American said its unit revenue will likely drop between 1% to 3% compared with last year, with capacity up as much as 3% year over year.

### Keywords: 
share
forecast
sales
american
revenue
vs
quarter
profit
shift
strategy
thirdquarter
lifts
cents
adjusted
loss
posts

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 123


### TITLE: 
Southwest Airlines profit tops estimates, company expects higher revenue in fourth quarter

### TEXT: 
Southwest Airlines ' third-quarter profit fell from a year ago but topped Wall Street estimates as the carrier worked to drum up revenue and fend off activist investor Elliott Investment Management.

Elliott and Southwest struck a deal, announced Thursday, that averts a proxy fight and adds six of the activist's candidates to the board. CEO Bob Jordan will keep his job as part of the deal.

The Dallas-based carrier forecast unit revenue for the fourth quarter would increase 3.5% to 5.5% on a 4% drop in capacity compared with a year ago. It said costs, excluding fuel, would likely rise as much as 13%.

"Thus far in the quarter, travel demand remains healthy and bookings-to-date for the holiday season are strong, demonstrating the continued resilience of the leisure travel market," Southwest said in an earnings release.

Other carriers have pointed to strong travel demand to close out 2024 as airlines scale back unprofitable capacity that pushed down airfare.

Separately, Southwest last month laid out a three-year plan that the company would add $4 billion to earnings before interest and taxes in 2027. The airline also said it authorized a $2.5 billion buyback and would slash underperforming flights from Atlanta to cut costs.

Southwest said Thursday that it will repurchase $250 million of Southwest stock through an "accelerated" program under the overall buyback plan.

The carrier is planning to abandon its longtime open seating to instead charge for seats as well as offer extra legroom options that come at a higher price, the biggest changes in its more than 50 years of flying.

Here is how Southwest performed in the third quarter compared with Wall Street expectations, according to consensus estimates from LSEG:

Earnings per share: 15 cents adjusted vs. an expected zero cents

15 cents adjusted vs. an expected zero cents Revenue: $6.87 billion vs. $6.74 billion expected

It reported third quarter revenue of $6.87 billion, an increase of more than 5% on the year. Net income fell 65% from the year-earlier quarter to $67 million, or 11 cents a share, though that was ahead of estimates. Adjusting for one-time items, it reported $89 million in net income or 15 cents a share, compared with analysts' forecasts to break even on an adjusted basis.

### DATE: 
2024-10-24

### Summary: 
Southwest Airlines ' third-quarter profit fell from a year ago but topped Wall Street estimates as the carrier worked to drum up revenue and fend off activist investor Elliott Investment Management.
The Dallas-based carrier forecast unit revenue for the fourth quarter would increase 3.5% to 5.5% on a 4% drop in capacity compared with a year ago.
"Thus far in the quarter, travel demand remains healthy and bookings-to-date for the holiday season are strong, demonstrating the continued resilience of the leisure travel market," Southwest said in an earnings release.
Southwest said Thursday that it will repurchase $250 million of Southwest stock through an "accelerated" program under the overall buyback plan.
Net income fell 65% from the year-earlier quarter to $67 million, or 11 cents a share, though that was ahead of estimates.

### Keywords: 
share
travel
estimates
expects
quarter
revenue
southwest
million
profit
fourth
company
tops
billion
higher
cents
vs

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 124


### TITLE: 
Boeing machinists reject new labor contract, extending more than 5-week strike

### TEXT: 
Boeing workers from the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers District 751 attend a rally at their union hall during an ongoing strike in Seattle, Washington, U.S. October 15, 2024.

Boeing machinists voted against a new labor deal that included 35% wage increases over four years, their union said Wednesday, extending a more than five-week strike that has halted most of the company's aircraft production, which is centered in the Seattle area.

The contract's rejection by 64% of the voters is another major setback for the company, which warned earlier Wednesday that it would continue to burn cash through 2025 and reported a $6 billion quarterly loss, its largest since 2020. A simple majority was needed for the contract to pass.

The strike is costing the company about $1 billion a month, according to S&P Global Ratings, and it has put Boeing's investment-grade credit rating at risk, which could drive up its borrowing costs just as it seeks to raise cash.

New CEO Kelly Ortberg had said reaching a deal with machinists was a priority in order to get the company back on track after years of safety and quality problems.

"My focus is getting everybody looking forward, get them back to work, improve that relationship," Ortberg told CNBC's "Squawk on the Street" earlier in the day, when asked about the strike.

Ortberg's laid out his vision for Boeing's future, which could include slimming down the company to focus on core businesses. Earlier this month, he announced Boeing will cut 10% of its global workforce of 170,000 people.

The Biden administration has gotten involved during the stoppage, and acting Labor Secretary Julie Su met with Boeing and the union before the latest offer last week.

"Both parties will need to determine the best way forward," a Labor Department spokesperson said Thursday. "Acting Secretary Su has been in touch with the union and the company and is available to support them."

### DATE: 
2024-10-24

### Summary: 
Boeing workers from the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers District 751 attend a rally at their union hall during an ongoing strike in Seattle, Washington, U.S. October 15, 2024.
Boeing machinists voted against a new labor deal that included 35% wage increases over four years, their union said Wednesday, extending a more than five-week strike that has halted most of the company's aircraft production, which is centered in the Seattle area.
The Biden administration has gotten involved during the stoppage, and acting Labor Secretary Julie Su met with Boeing and the union before the latest offer last week.
"Both parties will need to determine the best way forward," a Labor Department spokesperson said Thursday.
"Acting Secretary Su has been in touch with the union and the company and is available to support them."

### Keywords: 
union
earlier
secretary
su
extending
company
contract
strike
labor
boeing
5week
machinists
reject
workers

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 125


### TITLE: 
New Boeing CEO sets sights on 'leaner' future as quarterly loss tops $6 billion

### TEXT: 
In this article BA Follow your favorite stocks CREATE FREE ACCOUNT

Workers picket outside the Boeing Co. manufacturing facility during a strike in Renton, Washington, US, on Thursday, Oct. 3, 2024. David Ryder | Bloomberg | Getty Images

Boeing 's new CEO, Kelly Ortberg, said the company is reviewing its various businesses, laying out a vision for a leaner future at the troubled airplane manufacturer in his first quarterly call with analysts on Wednesday. At the same time, thousands of striking Boeing machinists will vote on a new labor contract, and Ortberg said he was hopeful for a deal. "We're going through a portfolio process right now to look at the overall portfolio and seeing what do we want to look like five years from now. That may include streamlining certain things," Ortberg said in an interview with CNBC's Squawk on the Street" on Wednesday. He added that no decisions have been made yet. "I think our core business of commercial aircraft and core defense products will always stay with the Boeing Co." "I would rather err on the side of doing less and better than doing more and not doing it well, and I think there are some cases where we can do less and do better," he said.

watch now

Quarterly losses

Boeing reported a more than $6 billion loss for the third quarter, its largest since 2020 when the pandemic halted most aircraft demand and its bestselling airplane was grounded after two crashes. CFO Brian West said the company will likely continue to burn cash this and next year, pointing to a likely improvement in the second half of 2025. Boeing had originally planned to be cash-flow positive this year. Boeing shares slid during the call, and ended the day down less than 2%. Boeing had released preliminary third-quarter results earlier this month, showing revenue of $17.8 billion, down less than 2% from a year earlier, as well as a loss of $9.97 a share and an operating cash outflow of $1.3 billion. It disclosed charges of more than $5 billion across its commercial and defense units and said it ended the third quarter with $10.5 billion in cash and marketable securities. Its commercial airplane unit's losses swelled to more than $4 billion from a $678 million loss a year before. The charges were related to the additional delay of the debut of its 777X wide-body aircraft to 2026 and another delay tied to the 767. Boeing plans to end production of the 767 when orders are fulfilled in 2027.

watch now

Its defense unit lost $2.4 billion in the third quarter compared with a loss of $924 million in the same period of 2023, with charges tied to several programs, including the KC-46 tanker and the troubled Starliner. The Starliner capsule returned empty from the International Space Station this summer, without the two NASA astronauts it originally carried to space. Ortberg announced the departure of the defense unit's CEO, Ted Colbert, in September. When asked by CNBC about the Starliner problem, Ortberg said, "My gut reaction is that we've got to improve our systems engineering and our design capabilities so that never happens again." Here's what the company reported versus what Wall Street analysts surveyed by LSEG expected: Loss per share: $10.44 adjusted compared with an adjusted loss of $10.52

$10.44 adjusted compared with an adjusted loss of $10.52 Revenue: $17.84 billion vs $17.82 billion expected Ortberg, a former CEO of Rockwell Collins, took the helm of Boeing in August, tasked with restoring the company's reputation and stamping out quality problems on aircraft and in other programs. In January, a door plug blew out minutes into an Alaska Airlines flight on a 737 Max 9 after key bolts weren't reinstalled before the plane left Boeing's factory. The near-catastrophe reignited safety concerns from regulators and customers. "We need to know what's going on, not only with our products, but with our people," Ortberg said in prepared remarks Wednesday before the earnings call. "And most importantly, we need to prevent the festering of issues and work better together to identify, fix, and understand root cause." Ortberg acknowledged that it will take some time to turn the ship but was upbeat the company could increase output of its bestselling 737 Max once the strike ends. "We have employees who are thirsty to get back to the iconic company they know, setting the standards for the products that we deliver," he said.

Ortberg earlier this month said Boeing will slash 10% of its global workforce of about 170,000 people, hinting at a slimmer manufacturer. He is expected to face questions on the call about which units or projects the company will consider shedding. "We need to reset priorities and create a leaner, more focused organization," he said in his prepared remarks.

Ongoing strike

### DATE: 
2024-10-23

### Summary: 
watch nowQuarterly lossesBoeing reported a more than $6 billion loss for the third quarter, its largest since 2020 when the pandemic halted most aircraft demand and its bestselling airplane was grounded after two crashes.
It disclosed charges of more than $5 billion across its commercial and defense units and said it ended the third quarter with $10.5 billion in cash and marketable securities.
Its commercial airplane unit's losses swelled to more than $4 billion from a $678 million loss a year before.
Ortberg announced the departure of the defense unit's CEO, Ted Colbert, in September.
He is expected to face questions on the call about which units or projects the company will consider shedding.

### Keywords: 
quarterly
units
aircraft
company
ortberg
tops
sights
leaner
ceo
boeing
billion
future
defense
sets
strike
adjusted
loss

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 126


### TITLE: 
New Boeing CEO to give clues on company's future, while striking workers vote on new contract

### TEXT: 
In this article BA Follow your favorite stocks CREATE FREE ACCOUNT

Ryan Bergh, a machinist at Boeing's factory in Everett, Washington for 10 years, cheers during a strike rally for the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers (IAM) at the Seattle Union Hall in Seattle, Washington, on October 15, 2024. (Photo by Jason Redmond / AFP) (Photo by JASON REDMOND/AFP via Getty Images) Jason Redmond | AFP | Getty Images

Boeing has already braced investors for a rough quarterly report. Now, new CEO Kelly Ortberg has the chance to share his vision for the troubled manufacturer, from a potential strike-ending labor agreement to a slimmed-down future. When he takes the mic for his first earnings call as Boeing's CEO on Wednesday, more than 32,000 striking machinists will start voting on a new, sweetened contract proposal. Results of the labor vote are expected Wednesday night. Analysts are cautiously optimistic that the new proposal, which requires a simple majority of the vote, could pass, putting an end to the more than five-week work stoppage that has halted most of the company's production of airplanes and added to its cash burn of about $8 billion in the first half of the year. Boeing last posted an annual profit in 2018. "I think it's going to be a tight vote," Jon Holden, president of the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers District 751, told CNBC on Tuesday.

During Boeing's earnings call, investors, analysts and the public could get clues from Ortberg about what Boeing will look like in the coming years as well as clearer estimates on the company's production targets for the next year. Executives at key Boeing suppliers GE Aerospace and RTX told investors on Tuesday that they are looking toward the work stoppage ending with a new agreement. RTX CFO Neil Mitchill said on an earnings call that in the company's Collins unit, commercial aircraft component sales to manufacturers will be flat this year, down from mid-single-digit growth it previously forecast. "This outlook assumes that we're able to restart some level of shipments to Boeing in the fourth quarter, and we see no change to the long-term structural demand" for products to plane makers, he said.

Stock Chart Icon Stock chart icon Boeing and S&P 500 five-year performance.

Narrowing businesses

Ortberg, a longtime aerospace veteran who previously ran Rockwell Collins, took the reins at Boeing in early August. His tall order was to right the ship. The year began with a terrifying midair door plug blowout on one of Boeing's new 737 Max planes after it left the factory without key bolts reinstalled. The near-catastrophe occurred just as the company's leaders were hoping to have regained the trust of regulators years after two deadly crashes killed 346 people, the first of them six years ago this month. Instead, Boeing's rebuilding year is getting pushed to 2025, and Ortberg has hinted at big changes ahead, promising employees and the public greater focus at the 108-year-old company. Earlier this month, he said Boeing will slash 10% of its global workforce, about 170,000 people. "We need to be clear-eyed about the work we face and realistic about the time it will take to achieve key milestones on the path to recovery," he told employees in an Oct. 11 message. "We also need to focus our resources on performing and innovating in the areas that are core to who we are, rather than spreading ourselves across too many efforts that can often result in underperformance and underinvestment."

Boeing's new CEO Kelly Ortberg visits the company's 767 and 777/777X programs' plant in Everett, Washington, U.S. August 16, 2024. Boeing | Marian Lockhart | Via Reuters

When Ortberg speaks at 10:30 a.m. ET on Wednesday, investors will be on the lookout for clues about what a smaller Boeing could look like, and which programs or assets could be on the chopping block. "We believe [Boeing] is poised for further restructuring as the company looks to potentially divest parts of the portfolio and continues to focus on strengthening its supply chain," said RBC analyst Ken Herbert in a note Sunday.

Raising cash

Boeing said earlier this month that it will post a nearly $10-per-share loss for the third quarter and report charges of about $5 billion in its defense and commercial businesses, where problems have spanned from manufacturing defects on passenger planes to problems with a refueling tanker and the delay of two 747s that will serve as new Air Force One jets. As it bleeds cash, Boeing last week revealed plans to raise as much as $25 billion in debt or equity or a combination of both. Ratings agencies warned in recent weeks that Boeing could lose its investment-grade rating and the company is planning to increase liquidity.

watch now

Mending ties with workers, stabilizing supply chain

The results of the union vote will come out hours after the earnings call. Meanwhile, the strike is costing Boeing $1 billion a month, according to S&P Global Ratings estimates. Workers had complained that an earlier proposal wasn't enough to combat the skyrocketing cost of living in the Seattle area over the past 16 years since the last contract was signed. In that time, high-paying jobs at technology companies flooded the area, driving up the cost of homes, the union said. The union rejected a previously sweetened offer that Boeing called its "best and final." The new proposal includes 35% raises, compared with the original tentative agreement's 25%, as well as a $7,000 signing bonus, additional 401(k) contributions and other improvements. Boeing also said it remains committed to building its next jetliner in the Puget Sound area, a major sticking point with workers who saw Boeing move 787 Dreamliner production to a nonunion factory in South Carolina. Acting Labor Secretary Julie Su met with both parties earlier this month to work toward a deal.

Boeing 737s on the ground in Renton, Washington. Leslie Josephs | CNBC

### DATE: 
2024-10-22

### Summary: 
When he takes the mic for his first earnings call as Boeing's CEO on Wednesday, more than 32,000 striking machinists will start voting on a new, sweetened contract proposal.
Narrowing businessesOrtberg, a longtime aerospace veteran who previously ran Rockwell Collins, took the reins at Boeing in early August.
Boeing's new CEO Kelly Ortberg visits the company's 767 and 777/777X programs' plant in Everett, Washington, U.S. August 16, 2024.
watch nowMending ties with workers, stabilizing supply chainThe results of the union vote will come out hours after the earnings call.
Acting Labor Secretary Julie Su met with both parties earlier this month to work toward a deal.

### Keywords: 
union
washington
vote
striking
ortberg
work
ceo
clues
contract
month
boeing
future
companys
boeings
workers

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 127


### TITLE: 
Wall Street analysts get it wrong on two of our portfolio industrial stocks

### TEXT: 
New research from Wall Street analysts missed the mark on two of our industrial-focused stocks. The news on Stanley Black & Decker Baird increased Stanley Black & Decker's price target to $104 per share from $94. That's nearly 2% lower than Friday's close. Analysts cited "slightly worse trends" in residential repair and remodeling — a key end market for the maker of power tools. Baird reiterated its hold-equivalent rating on shares, arguing Stanley Black & Decker's "turnaround progress remains a key focus." The stock was down modestly Monday. SWK YTD mountain Stanley Black & Decker YTD Big picture Stocks tied to housing like Stanley Black & Decker have been under pressure lately because the 10-year Treasury yield keeps rising despite the Federal Reserve's jumbo 50-basis-point interest rate cut last month and signals of further easing into year-end and beyond. Mortgage rates tend to follow the 10-year yield — so, they haven't dropped, yet. Bottom line The 10-year is "killing Stanley" right now, Jim Cramer said Monday. That's because higher-for-longer mortgage rates keep the pressure on housing. But we still expect mortgages to eventually come down as the Fed continues to cut policy rates. That's why we disagree with Baird's call and encourage patience. We have the stock at a 2 rating , with a $115-per-share price target. Stanley Black & Decker "will be ignited when those [rate cuts] start occurring in earnest," he said. "This is the one hated stock, which I really like." The news on DuPont Morgan Stanley hiked DuPont's price target to $94 per share from $88. That implies more than 10% upside from Friday's close. However, analysts did not upgrade the stock — keeping their hold-equivalent rating. They did praise DuPont's forthcoming split into three publicly traded companies, saying the move "naturally presents additional upside cases." In particular, Morgan Stanley cited DuPont's water business as the easiest way to "envision a valuation uplift." Shares of the chemicals giant fell less than 1% on Monday. DD YTD mountain DuPont de Nemours (DD) year-to-date performance Big picture DuPont stock was on a tear after the company announced its spinoff plans in May. Shares then hit multi-year highs back in September, levels not seen since June 2017. Despite the initial excitement, DuPont's spinoff has been viewed as a mixed bag by Wall Street analysts. Barclays, for example, downgraded the stock to a sell-equivalent rating earlier this month. Bottom line Like Morgan Stanley, we agree that DuPont's split will benefit shareholders. But Jim said analysts should have upgraded the stock. "It should be a buy because the stock is way too cheap," Jim said. The Club has a $100-per-share price target on DuPont shares. "I want to own the soon-to-be-public water and electronics companies, along with classic DuPont. All three will benefit from the separation," he added. (Jim Cramer's Charitable Trust is long SWK, DD. See here for a full list of the stocks.) As a subscriber to the CNBC Investing Club with Jim Cramer, you will receive a trade alert before Jim makes a trade. Jim waits 45 minutes after sending a trade alert before buying or selling a stock in his charitable trust's portfolio. If Jim has talked about a stock on CNBC TV, he waits 72 hours after issuing the trade alert before executing the trade. THE ABOVE INVESTING CLUB INFORMATION IS SUBJECT TO OUR TERMS AND CONDITIONS AND PRIVACY POLICY , TOGETHER WITH OUR DISCLAIMER . NO FIDUCIARY OBLIGATION OR DUTY EXISTS, OR IS CREATED, BY VIRTUE OF YOUR RECEIPT OF ANY INFORMATION PROVIDED IN CONNECTION WITH THE INVESTING CLUB. NO SPECIFIC OUTCOME OR PROFIT IS GUARANTEED.

Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange during morning trading in New York City. Michael M. Santiago | Getty Images

### DATE: 
2024-10-21

### Summary: 
New research from Wall Street analysts missed the mark on two of our industrial-focused stocks.
The news on Stanley Black & Decker Baird increased Stanley Black & Decker's price target to $104 per share from $94.
Baird reiterated its hold-equivalent rating on shares, arguing Stanley Black & Decker's "turnaround progress remains a key focus."
SWK YTD mountain Stanley Black & Decker YTD Big picture Stocks tied to housing like Stanley Black & Decker have been under pressure lately because the 10-year Treasury yield keeps rising despite the Federal Reserve's jumbo 50-basis-point interest rate cut last month and signals of further easing into year-end and beyond.
Stanley Black & Decker "will be ignited when those [rate cuts] start occurring in earnest," he said.

### Keywords: 
trade
duponts
stocks
dupont
industrial
jim
black
target
stanley
street
analysts
stock
portfolio
wrong
wall
shares

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 128


### TITLE: 
Rising bond yields whack stocks, again. But our second-biggest holding hits new high

### TEXT: 
Every weekday the CNBC Investing Club with Jim Cramer holds a "Morning Meeting" livestream at 10:20 a.m. ET. Here's a recap of Monday's key moments. Wall Street was lower to start the new week after the S & P 500 closed at a new record high Friday. The 10-year Treasury yield continued to climb Monday, pressuring stocks. In his Sunday column , Jim Cramer wrote about how big money going into S & P funds impacts the overall market. Nvidia , meanwhile, took out its all-time intraday high in early trading. Fellow Club stock Disney fell in Monday's down market after news that board member James Gorman would take over as chairman Jan. 2. The ex- Morgan Stanley CEO , who was already leading Disney's CEO succession committee, said Bob Iger's replacement would be announced in early 2026. Morgan Stanley's research analysts raised their Home Depot price target to $450 per share from $380 — implying 7.5% upside from last Wednesday's record close. Shares fell Monday, extending back-to-back losses. The analysts think the home improvement sector is bottoming and the turn is near. Morgan Stanley said Home Depot's purchase of building products distributor SRS is going well. The analysts also see Home Depot as a big retail winner from technology and artificial intelligence. Honeywell and Alphabet , both Club names, are teaming up to bring Google's Gemini generative AI to the industrial sector. The goal is to leverage Honeywell's massive data set, which can lead to reduced maintenance costs, increased productivity, and opportunities to teach employees new skills. Earlier this month, we updated Honeywell stock to our buy-equivalent 1 rating after the company announced plans to spin off its advanced materials business. Honeywell is set to report earnings before Thursday's opening bell. Stocks covered in Monday's rapid fire at the end of the video were J & J spin-off Kenvue , United Parcel Service , Vans and The North Face parent VF Corp. , RH , formerly Restoration Hardware, and Boeing . (See here for a full list of the stocks in Jim Cramer's Charitable Trust.) As a subscriber to the CNBC Investing Club with Jim Cramer, you will receive a trade alert before Jim makes a trade. Jim waits 45 minutes after sending a trade alert before buying or selling a stock in his charitable trust's portfolio. If Jim has talked about a stock on CNBC TV, he waits 72 hours after issuing the trade alert before executing the trade. THE ABOVE INVESTING CLUB INFORMATION IS SUBJECT TO OUR TERMS AND CONDITIONS AND PRIVACY POLICY , TOGETHER WITH OUR DISCLAIMER . NO FIDUCIARY OBLIGATION OR DUTY EXISTS, OR IS CREATED, BY VIRTUE OF YOUR RECEIPT OF ANY INFORMATION PROVIDED IN CONNECTION WITH THE INVESTING CLUB. NO SPECIFIC OUTCOME OR PROFIT IS GUARANTEED.

### DATE: 
2024-10-21

### Summary: 
Every weekday the CNBC Investing Club with Jim Cramer holds a "Morning Meeting" livestream at 10:20 a.m.
In his Sunday column , Jim Cramer wrote about how big money going into S & P funds impacts the overall market.
As a subscriber to the CNBC Investing Club with Jim Cramer, you will receive a trade alert before Jim makes a trade.
THE ABOVE INVESTING CLUB INFORMATION IS SUBJECT TO OUR TERMS AND CONDITIONS AND PRIVACY POLICY , TOGETHER WITH OUR DISCLAIMER .
NO FIDUCIARY OBLIGATION OR DUTY EXISTS, OR IS CREATED, BY VIRTUE OF YOUR RECEIPT OF ANY INFORMATION PROVIDED IN CONNECTION WITH THE INVESTING CLUB.

### Keywords: 
trade
high
holding
stocks
club
jim
cramer
rising
investing
secondbiggest
honeywell
bond
morgan
mondays
yields
whack
stock
hits

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 129


### TITLE: 
Honeywell signs deal with Google to bring Gemini generative AI to industrial sector

### TEXT: 
Google Gemini, the flagship generative AI from Alphabet , is is being tapped by Honeywell to provide insights across the industrial giant's massive data set that can lead to reduced maintenance costs, increased productivity and opportunities to upskill employees.

"The path to autonomy requires assets working harder, people working smarter and processes working more efficiently," said Vimal Kapur, Honeywell CEO, in a statement announcing the collaboration, which will begin offering gen AI insights to industrial clients in 2025.

Kapur recently told CNBC that the biggest problems AI can solve in an industrial context start with a generational labor shortage, with declining birth rates in the industrialized world resulting in less available workers to do jobs that were popular 25 years ago. "Everyone has that problem in industrials," he said at the recent CNBC Evolve AI Opportunity event. Kapur told CNBC that AI will allow an employee with five years of experience to operate at the same level as an employee with 15 years of experience through the help of AI co-pilots.

AI-powered agents offered through Google will help automate tasks for engineers and help technicians resolve maintenance issues. Kapur had told CNBC at the recent event that Honeywell will soon be embedding connectivity within jet engines to enable predictive maintenance and reduce time needed for work in shops.

Honeywell says while gen AI is already being used within the industrials sector, this partnership will take the opportunity to a higher level than current "gen AI point solutions," going "beyond simple chat and predictions" by connecting Google AI to the Honeywell Forge IoT platform.

Honeywell Forge, an Internet of Things platform that includes information from industrial designs, manuals, and real-world performance of Honeywell products, will leverage Google Cloud's Vertex AI and Google's large language models to build AI agents trained on this data.

"We're moving from automation to autonomy," said Suresh Venkatarayalu, Honeywell's CTO and president of Honeywell Connected Enterprise, in a Google blog post about the deal. "Our goal is to equip companies with AI agents that assist workers in real time — on factory floors and in the field."

Workers will be able to ask the AI questions like, "How did this unit perform last night?" or "Why is my system making this sound?" according to the companies.

The Google AI will offer images, videos, text and sensor readings to engineers.

"Industrial companies play a crucial role in our daily lives, whether it's the airplanes we fly, the medical devices we use or the sensors that manage the air conditioning in our offices," said Carrie Tharp, vice president of strategic industries at Google Cloud, in the blog post. "With an entire generation of workers retiring and — in many cases — no one coming behind them, industrial companies are under tremendous pressure."

Honeywell said it is also exploring use of Gemini Nano, an on-device version of the AI, for operations in data centers, hospitals, refineries and warehouses, among other locations, and in particular in rural locations where internet connectivity can be an issue. Gemini Nano can provide AI directly on scanners, sensors and controllers for autonomous operations.

For the AI giants like Google, getting industries across the economy to adopt gen AI is crucial to turning a capital-intensive technology into a profitable opportunity. According to Honeywell data, 82% of companies in the industrial sector that consider themselves AI leaders are behind on adoption, with only 17% having fully launched initial AI plans.

Companies across the economy are also hoping that their internal data becomes as valuable as the large language models like Gemini powering the gen AI boom. Clément Delangue, co-founder and CEO of Hugging Face, one of the most highly valued gen AI startups in the world, with backing from Amazon, Nvidia, and Google, said at the CNBC Evolve AI Opportunity event that "data and data sets are the next frontier for AI." He noted that on Hugging Face's platform, which uses an open-source approach to develop AI models, there are over 200,000 public data sets that have been shared, and the growth rate of data sets being added to the platform is faster than the growth rate of new large language models.

"The world is going to evolve to where it's every single company, every single industry, even every single use case having their own specific customized models," Delangue said.

Siemens and Microsoft announced a gen AI deal for the industrial sector late last year, which included an AI copilot for use across industries.

Kapur views gen AI as a growth opportunity for the labor-challenged industrial sector which will open up new revenue opportunities rather than as a productivity tool first and foremost, and he is bullish on the adoption curve steepening quickly. "Awareness is high, adoption is low, but there will be an inflection point," he said at the recent CNBC AI event. "I do believe 2025-2026 will be a big year for adoption of AI in the context of industrials."

### DATE: 
2024-10-21

### Summary: 
"Everyone has that problem in industrials," he said at the recent CNBC Evolve AI Opportunity event.
The Google AI will offer images, videos, text and sensor readings to engineers.
According to Honeywell data, 82% of companies in the industrial sector that consider themselves AI leaders are behind on adoption, with only 17% having fully launched initial AI plans.
Siemens and Microsoft announced a gen AI deal for the industrial sector late last year, which included an AI copilot for use across industries.
"Awareness is high, adoption is low, but there will be an inflection point," he said at the recent CNBC AI event.

### Keywords: 
signs
models
industrial
gen
bring
deal
generative
honeywell
gemini
google
data
opportunity
ai
cnbc
sector

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 130


### TITLE: 
Spirit Airlines extends debt refinancing deadline hours before expiration

### TEXT: 
A Spirit Airlines aircraft undergoes operations in preparation for departure at the Austin-Bergstrom International Airport in Austin, Texas, on Feb. 12, 2024.

Spirit Airlines on Friday said it reached an agreement with its credit card processor to again extended a debt refinancing timeline to December, hours before it was set to hit its deadline.

Spirit said in a filing late Friday that earlier this week it drew down the entirety of its $300 million revolving credit facility and expects to end the year with just over $1 billion in liquidity.

"As previously disclosed, the Company remains in active and constructive discussions with holders of its senior secured notes due 2025 and convertible senior notes due 2026 with respect to their respective maturities," Spirit said in a filing late Friday.

The deadline was previously set in September and had been extended until Oct. 21 before the Friday change. The airline's stock closed at a new low Friday, down roughly 3%, at less than $1.50 per share.

The Miramar, Florida-based airline has furloughed workers, slashed its schedule and deferred aircraft deliveries to save cash over the past year.

Many of its planes have been grounded because of a Pratt & Whitney engine recall. It has also reported weaker-than-expected bookings and its planned acquisition by JetBlue Airways was scuttled after getting blocked by a federal judge on antitrust grounds.

Its shares have tumbled more than 90% so far this year and nearly 40% so far in October alone.

Earlier this month, The Wall Street Journal said the carrier is considering a bankruptcy filing. Spirit and advisor Perella Weinberg Partners did not immediately comment on the matter.

### DATE: 
2024-10-18

### Summary: 
A Spirit Airlines aircraft undergoes operations in preparation for departure at the Austin-Bergstrom International Airport in Austin, Texas, on Feb. 12, 2024.
Spirit Airlines on Friday said it reached an agreement with its credit card processor to again extended a debt refinancing timeline to December, hours before it was set to hit its deadline.
Spirit said in a filing late Friday that earlier this week it drew down the entirety of its $300 million revolving credit facility and expects to end the year with just over $1 billion in liquidity.
The deadline was previously set in September and had been extended until Oct. 21 before the Friday change.
The airline's stock closed at a new low Friday, down roughly 3%, at less than $1.50 per share.

### Keywords: 
set
deadline
senior
airlines
expiration
spirit
debt
refinancing
extends
extended
previously
filing
late
hours
notes
far

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 131


### TITLE: 
Embraer CEO says jet maker studying possibilities for a new aircraft

### TEXT: 
Embraer CEO Francisco Gomes Neto speaks during the Embraer Media Day 2022 at the aircraft factory in Sao Jose dos Campos, Brazil, May 30, 2022.

Brazilian plane maker Embraer is studying the market and new technology that could warrant it building an all-new jet, CEO Francisco Gomes Neto told CNBC.

A new airplane could help the airplane manufacturer compete with much larger rivals Airbus and Boeing , which deliver hundreds of jets a year compared with Embraer's dozens of aircraft.

But Gomes Neto noted that no decisions have been made yet.

"At this point in time, we don't have concrete plans to go to a big narrow body," he said, adding that the studies for new engine technologies, avionics and potential demand are "to be prepared."

In the meantime, Gomes Neto said Embraer is focused on improving results and selling its regional planes, which won orders earlier this year from American Airlines , manufacturing its E2 jet, and "delivering what we promise" customers.

Embraer said Friday that it delivered 16 commercial jets in the third quarter, up more than 5% from a year earlier. Including its defense and business jets, the company handed over 57 jets in the period, a third more than last year.

### DATE: 
2024-10-18

### Summary: 
Embraer CEO Francisco Gomes Neto speaks during the Embraer Media Day 2022 at the aircraft factory in Sao Jose dos Campos, Brazil, May 30, 2022.
Brazilian plane maker Embraer is studying the market and new technology that could warrant it building an all-new jet, CEO Francisco Gomes Neto told CNBC.
But Gomes Neto noted that no decisions have been made yet.
Embraer said Friday that it delivered 16 commercial jets in the third quarter, up more than 5% from a year earlier.
Including its defense and business jets, the company handed over 57 jets in the period, a third more than last year.

### Keywords: 
jets
earlier
francisco
airplane
possibilities
aircraft
neto
ceo
maker
embraer
studying
jet
gomes
yetat

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 132


### TITLE: 
Spirit AeroSystems to furlough 700 workers as Boeing machinist strike continues

### TEXT: 
Airplane fuselages bound for Boeing's 737 Max production facility await shipment on rail sidings at their top supplier, Spirit AeroSystems Holdings Inc., in Wichita, Kansas, on Dec. 17, 2019.

Boeing supplier Spirit AeroSystems will furlough some 700 workers as a strike by machinists at the plane maker enters its sixth week, a spokesman for the supplier said Friday.

More than 32,000 Boeing workers walked off the job Sept. 13 after overwhelmingly rejecting a tentative labor deal with Boeing, deepening the aircraft producer's financial strain and handing a new challenge to CEO Kelly Ortberg, who took the reins just over two months ago.

The temporary furloughs account for about 5% of Spirit's U.S. workforce, according to its latest annual filing.

The temporary furloughs will affect employees at Spirit's largest facilities, in Wichita, Kansas, and account for about 5% of Spirit's U.S. workforce, according to its latest annual filing. Meanwhile, Boeing and its machinists' union remain at an impasse, and Spirit is considering deeper cuts.

"If the strike continues beyond November, we will have to implement layoffs and additional furloughs," Spirit spokesman Joe Buccino told CNBC on Friday.

### DATE: 
2024-10-18

### Summary: 
Airplane fuselages bound for Boeing's 737 Max production facility await shipment on rail sidings at their top supplier, Spirit AeroSystems Holdings Inc., in Wichita, Kansas, on Dec. 17, 2019.
Boeing supplier Spirit AeroSystems will furlough some 700 workers as a strike by machinists at the plane maker enters its sixth week, a spokesman for the supplier said Friday.
The temporary furloughs account for about 5% of Spirit's U.S. workforce, according to its latest annual filing.
Meanwhile, Boeing and its machinists' union remain at an impasse, and Spirit is considering deeper cuts.
"If the strike continues beyond November, we will have to implement layoffs and additional furloughs," Spirit spokesman Joe Buccino told CNBC on Friday.

### Keywords: 
spirits
spirit
700
workforce
supplier
wichita
strike
boeing
continues
furloughs
machinist
temporary
aerosystems
workers
furlough

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 133


### TITLE: 
United shares hit pre-pandemic high after airline forecasts strong finish to 2024, plans buyback

### TEXT: 
A United Airlines Boeing 737-MAX 8 aircraft departs at San Diego International Airport en route to New York on Aug. 24, 2024.

United Airlines said Tuesday that it is starting a $1.5 billion share buyback as the carrier reported higher-than-expected earnings for the busy summer travel season and forecast higher airfares into 2025.

United Airlines shares rose nearly 13% Wednesday, leading the S&P 500 higher and closing at $72.02, the highest since February 2020, before Covid-19 was declared a pandemic. Other airline shares also rose sharply, outpacing the broader market.

United said domestic unit revenue turned higher in August and September compared to last year as airlines trimmed a glut of flights that were pushing down fares.

"We believe Q1 yield strength will be possible due to the significant schedule changes and business model changes that will continue to be implemented by low-margin airlines," United's Chief Commercial Officer Andrew Nocella said on Wednesday's earnings call.

United expects to earn an adjusted $2.50 to $3.00 a share in the fourth quarter, compared to $2.00 a share a year earlier and the $2.68 analysts polled by LSEG estimated.

United expanded capacity by 4.1% in the third quarter. The carrier said corporate revenue rose 13% in the quarter; premium revenue, including business class tickets, rose 5%; and sales from its no-frills basic economy tickets were up 20%. United posted revenue of $14.84 billion, up 2.5% from a year earlier and above analysts' estimates. It reported net income of $965 million, down 15% from a year ago.

Adjusting for one-time items, United reported earnings per share of $3.33, topping Wall Street forecasts and United's estimate in July of $2.75 to $3.25 a share.

Here is what United reported for the third quarter compared with what Wall Street expected, based on average estimates compiled by LSEG:

Earnings per share: $3.33 adjusted vs. $3.17 expected

$3.33 adjusted vs. $3.17 expected Revenue: $14.84 billion vs. $14.78 billion expected

The share buyback would be United's first since before the Covid-19 pandemic. U.S. airlines received more than $50 billion in government aid during the pandemic travel slump that prohibited share repurchases and dividends, though airlines were still fighting for financial stability.

Southwest Airlines announced a $2.5 billion share repurchase program last month.

### DATE: 
2024-10-15

### Summary: 
A United Airlines Boeing 737-MAX 8 aircraft departs at San Diego International Airport en route to New York on Aug. 24, 2024.
United Airlines said Tuesday that it is starting a $1.5 billion share buyback as the carrier reported higher-than-expected earnings for the busy summer travel season and forecast higher airfares into 2025.
United Airlines shares rose nearly 13% Wednesday, leading the S&P 500 higher and closing at $72.02, the highest since February 2020, before Covid-19 was declared a pandemic.
Adjusting for one-time items, United reported earnings per share of $3.33, topping Wall Street forecasts and United's estimate in July of $2.75 to $3.25 a share.
Southwest Airlines announced a $2.5 billion share repurchase program last month.

### Keywords: 
share
high
uniteds
airlines
rose
finish
forecasts
reported
billion
prepandemic
strong
shares
vs
quarter
buyback
united
plans
revenue
hit

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 134


### TITLE: 
Boeing to raise as much as $25 billion to shore up balance sheet

### TEXT: 
Boeing said Tuesday that it could raise as much as $25 billion in shares or debt over three years, a move to increase liquidity as the troubled manufacturer faces a more than monthlong machinist strike and problems throughout its aircraft programs.

"This universal shelf registration provides flexibility for the company to seek a variety of capital options as needed to support the company's balance sheet over a three year period," Boeing said in a statement.

Boeing shares are down nearly 42% this year as of Tuesday.

Bank of America aerospace analysts have estimated that Boeing will raise between $10 billion and $15 billion in equity.

"We expect Boeing to offer equity first, which should shore up the company's balance sheet in the near term while maintaining the option to later issue equity debt with a lower risk of a credit downgrade," BoFA analyst Ron Epstein wrote Tuesday.

Fitch Ratings said Boeing's announcement Tuesday will "increase financial flexibility and moderate near-term liquidity concerns."

Boeing is trying to shore up its balance sheet as it faces warnings from credit ratings agencies that it could lose its investment-grade rating.

### DATE: 
2024-10-15

### Summary: 
Boeing said Tuesday that it could raise as much as $25 billion in shares or debt over three years, a move to increase liquidity as the troubled manufacturer faces a more than monthlong machinist strike and problems throughout its aircraft programs.
"This universal shelf registration provides flexibility for the company to seek a variety of capital options as needed to support the company's balance sheet over a three year period," Boeing said in a statement.
Boeing shares are down nearly 42% this year as of Tuesday.
Bank of America aerospace analysts have estimated that Boeing will raise between $10 billion and $15 billion in equity.
Boeing is trying to shore up its balance sheet as it faces warnings from credit ratings agencies that it could lose its investment-grade rating.

### Keywords: 
shore
balance
ratings
increase
billion
liquidity
boeing
sheet
25
shares
raise

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 135


### TITLE: 
Why Honeywell CEO Vimal Kapur doesn't think the AI payoff will come from productivity

### TEXT: 
As CEO of one of the world's largest industrial conglomerates, Honeywell 's Vimal Kapur doesn't think about AI like most individuals.



It's not about the threatened office worker. "There is always a trend which makes your skills obsolete, every five years," Kapur said at the recent CNBC Evolve: AI Opportunity Summit in New York City. "The churn in white collar is a continuous evolution."



And he said it's not about the cool features that can be offered to the consumer, who "gets excited by the writing of a resume or restaurant recommendation."

The biggest problems AI can solve at Honeywell start with a generational labor shortage that it and client companies are facing. From pilots to technicians, declining birth rates in the industrialized world have led to less people available to do jobs that were popular 25 years ago. "Everyone has that problem in industrials," he said.

The AI opportunity for Honeywell is creating a new labor pool that can learn and work alongside AI and accumulate and deploy institutional knowledge much faster. He said the 15 years of experience traditionally required for a human to handle a complex role can be accomplished at the same level by someone with five years of experience working with two AI co-pilots.



Labor isn't the only issue where AI is being deployed. Kapur pointed to Honeywell's planned rollout of connectivity within jet engines in the next few months that will allow the company to proactively monitor engine performance for maintenance issues before the engines return to the shop. The same goes for smoke detectors, another Honeywell lineup staple, which will be identified for servicing or replacement much earlier than before.

But it's the labor issue which remains top of mind for the Honeywell CEO, and he added that it leads him to think of AI as a revenue-generating opportunity rather than a productivity fix. "The shortage of skills is the heart of the issue for us," Kapur said. "It's a constraint to grow revenue. The biggest revenue constraint is lack of skilled labor."



Most companies are just beginning the search for the payoff from AI investments at levels far removed from the underlying large language models of OpenAI and chipmaking of Nvidia.

Gecko Robotics CEO Jake Loosararian, whose company works across energy, manufacturing, and defense to optimize maintenance efforts — its AI-powered inspection robots are analyzing equipment as large as aircraft carriers to identify structural flaws — says the raw data that is directly collected from the source without being filtered by intermediaries will be the key to many companies' AI success.

"The future belongs to companies with 'first-order' data sets," he told CNBC "Closing Bell Overtime" anchor Jon Fortt at the Evolve: AI Opportunity event.

The importance of moving beyond the current focus on the large language models was emphasized by several executives, including one working at the forefront of LLMs, Clément Delangue, co-founder and CEO of Hugging Face, one of the most highly valued AI startups in the world, with backing from Amazon, Nvidia, and Google. He voiced a similar sentiment to Loosararian at the CNBC event.



"Data and data sets are the next frontier for AI," Delangue said. He noted that on Hugging Face's platform, which uses an open-source approach to develop AI models, there are over 200,000 public data sets that have been shared, and the growth rate of data sets being added to the platform is faster than the growth rate of new large language models.

"The world is going to evolve to where it's every single company, every single industry, even every single use case having their own specific customized models," Delangue said. "Ultimately, every company, the same way they have their own code repository and build their own software products, they will build their own models … and ultimately that's what will help them differentiate themselves."

If companies gain the most benefit from AI customized to their use cases, that comes alongside a view gaining momentum in discussions of AI regulation that is shifting the focus away from the large language models and towards industry-specific monitoring. And as those use cases proliferate, the C-suite needs to make sure they are being communicated to the board.

"Board members really do need to understand what the use cases might be for their company so they can get the report from the people most knowledgeable on the risks their companies may be facing," said Katherine Forrest, a former federal judge and partner at the law firm of Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton & Garrison who is an AI legal expert said at the CNBC AI summit.



She said the time is now to ask, "What are risks? Do we have the right people managing those risks? Have we had any incidents? They should know about any real actualization of those risks."



For all the debate about how quickly AI opportunities will materialize, Honeywell's Kapur is bullish on the adoption curve steepening quickly. "Awareness is high, adoption is low, but there will be an inflection point," he said. "I do believe 2025-2026 will be a big year for adoption of AI in the context of industrials."

### DATE: 
2024-10-14

### Summary: 
As CEO of one of the world's largest industrial conglomerates, Honeywell 's Vimal Kapur doesn't think about AI like most individuals.
"There is always a trend which makes your skills obsolete, every five years," Kapur said at the recent CNBC Evolve: AI Opportunity Summit in New York City.
The AI opportunity for Honeywell is creating a new labor pool that can learn and work alongside AI and accumulate and deploy institutional knowledge much faster.
"The future belongs to companies with 'first-order' data sets," he told CNBC "Closing Bell Overtime" anchor Jon Fortt at the Evolve: AI Opportunity event.
"Data and data sets are the next frontier for AI," Delangue said.

### Keywords: 
doesnt
models
ai
large
company
productivity
ceo
data
honeywell
sets
opportunity
think
payoff
come
kapur
vimal
companies

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 136


### TITLE: 
European markets fall 1% as traders digest fresh earnings and inflation data

### TEXT: 
European markets fell lower Tuesday as investors assess what U.S. President-elect Donald Trump's return to the White House could mean for the region's economy amid worries about possible tariffs.

The pan-European Stoxx 600 was down 0.64% at the open, with all sectors and major bourses trading in the red. Mining stocks led losses, down 1.44%, with banks, autos and chemicals all also lower by more than 1%.

Investors are scrutinizing a fresh batch of economic data this week, including an inflation reading from Germany on Tuesday, with U.S. inflation and U.K. gross domestic product to come on Thursday.

Infineon, Bayer, Vodafone and AstraZeneca reported earnings earlier in the Tuesday session, while U.K. unemployment and European and German ZEW economic sentiment figures are also due.

Asia-Pacific markets mostly fell overnight with investors exercising caution even as US. stocks continued their postelection rally, with key benchmarks closing at record highs. U.S. stock futures were near flat early Tuesday.

### DATE: 
2024-11-12

### Summary: 
European markets fell lower Tuesday as investors assess what U.S. President-elect Donald Trump's return to the White House could mean for the region's economy amid worries about possible tariffs.
The pan-European Stoxx 600 was down 0.64% at the open, with all sectors and major bourses trading in the red.
Investors are scrutinizing a fresh batch of economic data this week, including an inflation reading from Germany on Tuesday, with U.S. inflation and U.K. gross domestic product to come on Thursday.
Infineon, Bayer, Vodafone and AstraZeneca reported earnings earlier in the Tuesday session, while U.K. unemployment and European and German ZEW economic sentiment figures are also due.
Asia-Pacific markets mostly fell overnight with investors exercising caution even as US.

### Keywords: 
lower
zew
fall
earnings
inflation
digest
stocks
fell
investors
traders
uk
data
european
markets
fresh
economic

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 137


### TITLE: 
S&P 500 futures are little changed after stocks close at record highs: Live updates

### TEXT: 
Stock futures are near flat early Tuesday as Wall Street continued analyzing which sectors to pour money into amid a postelection rally that's sent equities to record levels.

Futures tied to the Dow Jones Industrial Average lost 57 points, or 0.13%. S&P 500 and Nasdaq 100 futures each also ticked down about 0.1% each.

Monday's action comes amid a market upswing that began following last week's presidential election won by Donald Trump. The Dow gained more than 300 points to close higher than 44,000, while the S&P 500 finished the session just over 6,000. With that, Monday marks the first time either finished a trading day above those respective levels.

The Nasdaq Composite inched higher in the session, finishing at an all-time closing high for its fourth day in a row. Meanwhile, the small cap-focused Russell 2000 surged 1.5%.

Beyond stocks, bitcoin soared to record levels above $89,000 on Monday.

"The market is looking at the presidential election and whatever policies they think are going to be put in place," said Larry Tentarelli, founder of the Blue Chip Daily Trend Report. "It's a lot of what we saw back in 2016 when Trump won the election the first time."

Investors will watch Tuesday for economic data on small businesses due in the morning. They'll also monitor commentary from Federal Reserve officials including Fed Governor Christopher Waller and Minneapolis Fed President Neel Kashkari scheduled throughout the day.

Market participants will then turn attention to consumer and producer price index readings scheduled for later in the week. The release of data from these inflation gauges comes after the Fed last week announced another interest rate cut.

Traders will also parse earnings releases from Home Depot and Shopify expected on Tuesday.

### DATE: 
2024-11-11

### Summary: 
S&P 500 and Nasdaq 100 futures each also ticked down about 0.1% each.
Monday's action comes amid a market upswing that began following last week's presidential election won by Donald Trump.
The Dow gained more than 300 points to close higher than 44,000, while the S&P 500 finished the session just over 6,000.
"It's a lot of what we saw back in 2016 when Trump won the election the first time."
The release of data from these inflation gauges comes after the Fed last week announced another interest rate cut.

### Keywords: 
scheduled
highs
futures
record
stocks
close
fed
small
election
trump
session
week
updates
live
little
won
sp
changed

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 138


### TITLE: 
Europe could try to stop — or get around — damaging Trump tariffs

### TEXT: 
A ship carries shipping containers through Upper Bay in New York, U.S., September 30, 2024. Caitlin Ochs | Reuters

Donald Trump's U.S. election win has left Europe scrabbling to work out how it will be able to contain or counter highly probable tariffs on its exports to the U.S. once the president-elect enters the White House. Ahead of his decisive election win last week, Trump had already threatened to revive a trade war that began during his first term in office, stating in his election campaign that he would raise tariffs on Chinese goods by 60-100%, and would impose a blanket 10% to 20% tariff on all U.S. imports. Trump sees the protectionist move as a way to boost U.S. jobs and growth, but the policy would undoubtedly open up a new front in trade tensions with two of the country's largest trading partners, the EU and China. Critics of the proposed tariffs say the policy could lead to higher prices for U.S. consumers.

While Trump has a reputation for unpredictability, meaning his rhetoric sometimes fails to materialize in terms of policy, analysts agree that the president-elect appears undeterred when it comes to trade tariffs, having opined on how the term itself is "the most beautiful word in the dictionary." That leaves Asia and Europe having to quickly consider ways to mitigate the future impact of export tariffs, and whether to retaliate or to try to negotiate a get-out deal. Economists caution that it's uncertain whether Trump's tariffs on Europe will be "as damaging as feared," as ING economists stated in a note last Friday, or whether they will simply be "a bargaining chip designed to unlock wider foreign policy deals." Nonetheless, there have been calls in Europe for the bloc to prepare retaliatory measures now, with the director of Germany's Ifo Center for International Economics calling on Germany — which relies heavily on trade with the U.S., particularly in terms of vehicle exports — and the EU to "strengthen their position through measures of their own." "These include deeper integration of the EU services market and credible retaliatory measures against the U.S.," Ifo's Lisandra Flach said last week. The proposed measures include the potential use of the EU's new "Anti-Coercion Instrument" that gives the gives the region a wide range of possible countermeasures when, it says, "a country refuses to remove the coercion." The countermeasures include the imposition of tariffs, restrictions on trade in services and trade-related aspects of intellectual property rights, and restrictions on access to foreign direct investment and public procurement. Germany and the EU could also strengthen cooperation with individual U.S. states, Flach suggested. But economists also say that the EU could try to use the carrot instead of the stick with the U.S., suggesting there are three other ways Europe might try to stop, limit or avoid Trump's likely tariff policy altogether.

Concessions

As a starting position with the incoming Republican administration, European policymakers could aim to avoid tariffs altogether, economists note, by offering to boost select American imports in exchange for the U.S. giving it an exemption from tariffs. "This may include LNG [liquefied natural gas] and soybeans, both of which were part of a deal between Donald Trump and then-president of the [European Commission] Jean-Claude Juncker in July 2018," Andrew Kenningham, chief Europe economist at Capital Economics, said in a note last Friday.

American President Donald Trump seen in between the flags of the U.S. and the European Union. Didier Lebrun | Photonews | Getty Images

Analysts at Eurasia Group, led by Mujtaba Rahman, commented that a "transactional strategy" was likely to be pursued first by the European Commission's President Ursula von der Leyen. This would see the EU be guided by the goal of bolstering U.S. exports in key sectors such as agriculture, energy (LNG), and defense. "The EU is likely to pledge to further expand LNG imports from the U.S. Von der Leyen may also explore closing two deals the commission had been negotiating with President Joe Biden, on the Global Arrangement for Sustainable Steel and Aluminium and an EU-US Critical Minerals Agreement. An attempt is also likely to do more via the EU-US Trade and Technology Council, which has helped foster some collaboration on digital issues, such as AI and export controls," the analysts at Eurasia Group noted.

A geopolitical deal

Alternatively, Kenningham said the two sides could strike "a broader geopolitical deal to try to head off the tariff threat." "The EU could, for example, make a commitment to purchase more defence equipment from the U.S. in order to continue supporting Ukraine — although the EU would find it difficult to agree on how to raise the funds given the staunch opposition of many, including Germany, to more joint EU borrowing." A deal is likely to be favorable to European policymakers as they look to limit the economic hit a 10% U.S. tariff would have on European exports. "The key point is that, while our working assumption is that there is a 10% US tariff which subtracts only 0.2% from euro-zone GDP, the outcome could be less than that if the EU is successful in reaching some kind of deal," Kenningham said.

German Chancellor Angela Merkel deliberates with U.S. President Donald Trump during the G-7 summit in Canada on June 9, 2018. Jesco Denzel | Bundesregierung | Getty Images

Whether there Europe can reach consensus on how or whether to do a deal with Trump is debateable, however. Carsten Brzeski, global head of Macro at ING, said in a post-election note last week that "Trump hits Europe not only at a time of economic weakness but also one of political instability." "During the first Trump term, Emmanuel Macron and Angela Merkel were a strong political axis. Today, France is struggling, and the German government has just collapsed. There's not exactly a strong bulwark," he said. "It really casts doubts about Europe's ability to find adequate responses to Trump," he added.

An alliance against China?

### DATE: 
2024-11-11

### Summary: 
Critics of the proposed tariffs say the policy could lead to higher prices for U.S. consumers.
That leaves Asia and Europe having to quickly consider ways to mitigate the future impact of export tariffs, and whether to retaliate or to try to negotiate a get-out deal.
But economists also say that the EU could try to use the carrot instead of the stick with the U.S., suggesting there are three other ways Europe might try to stop, limit or avoid Trump's likely tariff policy altogether.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel deliberates with U.S. President Donald Trump during the G-7 summit in Canada on June 9, 2018.
Jesco Denzel | Bundesregierung | Getty ImagesWhether there Europe can reach consensus on how or whether to do a deal with Trump is debateable, however.

### Keywords: 
trade
europe
tariff
trump
eu
deal
try
european
likely
policy
tariffs
damaging
stop

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 139


### TITLE: 
Bitcoin tops $89,000 as crypto euphoria over Trump win shows no sign of waning

### TEXT: 
In this article BTC.CM= Follow your favorite stocks CREATE FREE ACCOUNT

Budrul Chukrut | SOPA Images | Lightrocket | Getty Images

Bitcoin hit another high Monday, as the rally in cryptocurrencies continued following Donald Trump's election win. The price of the flagship cryptocurrency was last higher by more than 12% at $89,174, according to Coin Metrics. Recently, it hit a fresh high of $89,623. Ether was up more than 7% to $3,371.79 after a 30% gain in the past week that pushed it back over the $3,000 mark over the weekend. The decentralized finance token tied to Cardano ticked 4.7% higher. Dogecoin continued to rise, up almost 24%. In the regular trading session on Monday, Coinbase closed up 19.8%, while MicroStrategy advanced more than 25.7%. Both stocks were higher in extended trading as well.

Stock Chart Icon Stock chart icon Bitcoin touches $80,000 on Sunday for the first time ever.

Susannah Streeter, head of money and markets at investment platform Hargreaves Lansdown, noted that crypto's march higher comes amid "euphoria" in the market unleashed by Trump's presidential win last week. "His pledge to go all in on crypto has sent Bitcoin to fresh heady heights," she said in a research note Monday. "He's made an about turn on supporting the industry and is now vowing to turn the U.S. into the crypto capital of the world. Bitcoin speculators are betting on a more clement regulatory environment, and have expectations that the authorities may build up a reserve crypto fund, helping lift ongoing demand." On the campaign trail, Trump made a slew of promises to the crypto industry, including making the U.S. the "crypto capital of the planet" and insisting that all bitcoin should be mined in the country. He also pledged to unseat U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission Chairman Gary Gensler — who has taken an aggressive approach to crypto — despite the fact that the president does not have the power to do so.

### DATE: 
2024-11-11

### Summary: 
The price of the flagship cryptocurrency was last higher by more than 12% at $89,174, according to Coin Metrics.
Susannah Streeter, head of money and markets at investment platform Hargreaves Lansdown, noted that crypto's march higher comes amid "euphoria" in the market unleashed by Trump's presidential win last week.
"His pledge to go all in on crypto has sent Bitcoin to fresh heady heights," she said in a research note Monday.
"He's made an about turn on supporting the industry and is now vowing to turn the U.S. into the crypto capital of the world.
On the campaign trail, Trump made a slew of promises to the crypto industry, including making the U.S. the "crypto capital of the planet" and insisting that all bitcoin should be mined in the country.

### Keywords: 
industry
stocks
win
trumps
trading
trump
sign
euphoria
crypto
bitcoin
tops
week
shows
higher
waning
turn
89000

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 140


### TITLE: 
Bank of England cuts rates, sees gradual reductions ahead as Labour budget boosts inflation forecast

### TEXT: 
A pedestrian crosses the streets in front of The Bank of England illuminated by a ray of sunlight, in central London, on February 12, 2024.

LONDON — The Bank of England cut interest rates by 25 basis points Thursday while raising its inflation forecast as Labour's bumper budget announcement muddies the outlook for future policy easing.

The BOE's Monetary Policy Committee voted 8-1 in favour of the decision to bring the bank's key rate to 4.75%. It marks the central bank's second such trim this year, after it began its easing cycle in August.

Policymakers pointed to a continued easing of inflation as a factor influencing their decision, but noted that the government's fiscal plan had led to a raise in their forecasts for growth and inflation.

The bank now sees inflation rising by 0.5 percentage points, more than previously forecast, to hit a high of around 2.75% next year before falling back to its 2% target. Growth, meanwhile, is seen increasing by around 0.75% in a year's time.

BOE Governor Andrew Bailey said the bank would, as such, need to retain a "gradual approach" to policy easing.

### DATE: 
2024-11-07

### Summary: 
A pedestrian crosses the streets in front of The Bank of England illuminated by a ray of sunlight, in central London, on February 12, 2024.
LONDON — The Bank of England cut interest rates by 25 basis points Thursday while raising its inflation forecast as Labour's bumper budget announcement muddies the outlook for future policy easing.
The BOE's Monetary Policy Committee voted 8-1 in favour of the decision to bring the bank's key rate to 4.75%.
The bank now sees inflation rising by 0.5 percentage points, more than previously forecast, to hit a high of around 2.75% next year before falling back to its 2% target.
BOE Governor Andrew Bailey said the bank would, as such, need to retain a "gradual approach" to policy easing.

### Keywords: 
forecast
budget
gradual
inflation
cuts
bank
points
labour
rates
england
growth
reductions
decision
central
policy
easing
sees

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 141


### TITLE: 
FTX sues crypto exchange Binance and its former CEO Zhao for $1.8 billion

### TEXT: 
Changpeng Zhao, founder of Binance, attends the Viva Technology conference dedicated to innovation and startups at Porte de Versailles exhibition center in Paris on June 16, 2022.

The estate of collapsed crypto exchange FTX has filed a suit against Binance and its former CEO Changpeng Zhao in an effort to wrest back at least $1.76 billion, citing a "fraudulent" share deal.

In a Sunday filing with a Delaware court, FTX cites a 2021 transaction in which Binance, Zhao and others exited their investment in FTX, selling a 20% stake in the platform and a 18.4% stake in its U.S.-based entity West Realm Shires back to the company.

The FTX estate alleges that the share repurchase was funded by FTX's Alameda Research division through a combination of the company's and Binance's exchange tokens, as well as Binance's dollar-pegged stablecoin.

"Alameda was insolvent at the time of the share repurchase and could not afford to fund the transaction," the suit claims, labeling the deal agreed with FTX co-founder Sam Bankman-Fried — who's now serving a 25-year sentence over fraud linked to the downfall of his exchange — a "constructive fraudulent transfer."

Binance denies the allegations, saying in an emailed statement, "The claims are meritless, and we will vigorously defend ourselves."

The litigation marks the latest escalation of tensions between two of the biggest names in the crypto space, after the meteoric collapse of FTX rocked the industry.

Once a $32 billion empire, FTX disintegrated into bankruptcy when it was unable to keep pace with a torrent of customer withdrawals, triggering a plunge in the crypto markets.

The market fallout peaked in November last year, when Bankman-Fried was found guilty of seven criminal fraud counts relating to the bankruptcy of the exchange and theft of customer funds. That same month, Binance's Zhao pleaded guilty to charges of violating the Bank Secrecy Act for failing to put in motion an effective anti-money-laundering program and for breaching U.S. economic sanctions.

In addition to recovering funds, the latest lawsuit also accuses Zhao of "a series of false, misleading and fraudulent tweets" that it alleges "triggered a predictable avalanche of withdrawals at FTX," eventually leading to the exchange's collapse.

The suit cited a Nov. 6 post on X in which Zhao said, with reference to FTX token FTT: "Liquidating our FTT is just post-exit risk management, learning from LUNA. We gave support before, but we won't pretend to make love after divorce."

In another post cited, he said: "As part of Binance's exit from FTX equity last year, Binance received roughly $2.1 billion USD equivalent in cash (BUSD and FTT). Due to recent revelations that have came to light, we have decided to liquidate any remaining FTT on our books."

### DATE: 
2024-11-11

### Summary: 
Changpeng Zhao, founder of Binance, attends the Viva Technology conference dedicated to innovation and startups at Porte de Versailles exhibition center in Paris on June 16, 2022.
The estate of collapsed crypto exchange FTX has filed a suit against Binance and its former CEO Changpeng Zhao in an effort to wrest back at least $1.76 billion, citing a "fraudulent" share deal.
The FTX estate alleges that the share repurchase was funded by FTX's Alameda Research division through a combination of the company's and Binance's exchange tokens, as well as Binance's dollar-pegged stablecoin.
That same month, Binance's Zhao pleaded guilty to charges of violating the Bank Secrecy Act for failing to put in motion an effective anti-money-laundering program and for breaching U.S. economic sanctions.
In another post cited, he said: "As part of Binance's exit from FTX equity last year, Binance received roughly $2.1 billion USD equivalent in cash (BUSD and FTT).

### Keywords: 
share
fraudulent
sues
ftx
binances
suit
exchange
18
crypto
ftt
ceo
billion
binance
zhao

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 142


### TITLE: 
SoftBank posts blowout quarterly gains at Vision Fund tech arm

### TEXT: 
The SoftBank Corp. logo displayed on a glass door of the company's store in Tokyo, Japan, on Wednesday, May 8, 2024. SoftBank Group Corp. is scheduled to announce its earnings figures on May 13. Photographer: Toru Hanai/Bloomberg via Getty Images

Japanese giant SoftBank logged a 608.5 billion yen ($3.96 billion) gain on its Vision Fund tech investment arm in its fiscal second quarter ended Sept. 30, posting a steep quarterly increase after swinging back to black in the three months to June.

The broader Vision Fund segment as a whole, which also factors in non-investment performance such as administrative expenses and gains and losses attributable to third-party investors, reported a gain of 373.1 billion yen. It had declared a loss of 204.3 billion yen in the company's first fiscal quarter.

The company attributed the lion's share of the increase to valuation gains recorded at the SoftBank Vision Fund 1, noting higher share prices for e-commerce firm Coupang and Chinese ride-hailing giant Didi Global, as well as the value increase of its investments in Chinese tech company Bytedance.

The Vision Fund 2 meanwhile saw a net loss of 232.6 billion yen, following declines in share prices including those of Norwegian robotics firm AutoStore and U.S. automation tech company Symbotic.

The Vision Fund has been cashing in on the success of the September 2023 listing of smartphone chip designer Arm Holdings , in which it owns a sweeping majority stake of around 90%.

Masayoshi Son's tech conglomerate, has seen its share of controversial high-value investments in recent years in companies that have either collapsed or sharply marked down their valuations. It is now repositioning itself at the epicenter of the artificial intelligence boom, where players like Nvidia are reaping in the rewards of meteoric demand for chips and data center GPUs.

### DATE: 
2024-11-12

### Summary: 
Photographer: Toru Hanai/Bloomberg via Getty ImagesJapanese giant SoftBank logged a 608.5 billion yen ($3.96 billion) gain on its Vision Fund tech investment arm in its fiscal second quarter ended Sept. 30, posting a steep quarterly increase after swinging back to black in the three months to June.
The broader Vision Fund segment as a whole, which also factors in non-investment performance such as administrative expenses and gains and losses attributable to third-party investors, reported a gain of 373.1 billion yen.
It had declared a loss of 204.3 billion yen in the company's first fiscal quarter.
The Vision Fund 2 meanwhile saw a net loss of 232.6 billion yen, following declines in share prices including those of Norwegian robotics firm AutoStore and U.S. automation tech company Symbotic.
The Vision Fund has been cashing in on the success of the September 2023 listing of smartphone chip designer Arm Holdings , in which it owns a sweeping majority stake of around 90%.

### Keywords: 
share
quarterly
vision
prices
gains
company
arm
blowout
billion
tech
fund
posts
softbank
yen
increase

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 143


### TITLE: 
China's biggest shopping event of the year exceeds low expectations

### TEXT: 
BEIJING — China's Singles' Day shopping festival saw consumers spend more than expected in what has otherwise been a tepid retail environment, consulting executives told CNBC.

The country's version of Black Friday kicked off this year on Oct. 14, more than a week earlier than in 2023, and wrapped up Monday. Major e-commerce companies used to report gross merchandise value, an industry measure of sales over time, but did not for a third consecutive year amid weak consumer sentiment.

"I do think for many brands it probably will have turned out a bit better than they thought, but on a low level. Probably nobody would say we hit it out of the ballpark," said Chris Reitermann, CEO of Ogilvy APAC and Greater China. He is also president of WPP China.

Many multinational corporations that sell consumer products in China are more cautious on the market, if not struggling, Reitermann said. But he pointed out many of the companies are still "very profitable" in the country, even if their growth has slowed to the low single digits, instead of high double digits.

For this year's Singles Day, Alibaba claimed "robust growth" in GMV and a "record number of active buyers," while JD.com said the number of shoppers on its platform rose by more than 20% year-over-year.

The shopping season that celebrates single people, also known as Double 11, came as the Chinese government has announced a series of stimulus measures since late September, fueling a stock market rally.

### DATE: 
2024-11-12

### Summary: 
BEIJING — China's Singles' Day shopping festival saw consumers spend more than expected in what has otherwise been a tepid retail environment, consulting executives told CNBC.
"I do think for many brands it probably will have turned out a bit better than they thought, but on a low level.
Probably nobody would say we hit it out of the ballpark," said Chris Reitermann, CEO of Ogilvy APAC and Greater China.
Many multinational corporations that sell consumer products in China are more cautious on the market, if not struggling, Reitermann said.
But he pointed out many of the companies are still "very profitable" in the country, even if their growth has slowed to the low single digits, instead of high double digits.

### Keywords: 
expectations
low
shopping
singles
market
biggest
growth
probably
exceeds
double
event
reitermann
single
number
chinas

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 144


### TITLE: 
CNBC Daily Open: Best to stay prudent even in the postelection afterglow

### TEXT: 
In this article IAU

.KS11

.HSI

BTC.CM=

.SPX

.DJI

TSLA

AAPL

MSFT

.IXIC Follow your favorite stocks CREATE FREE ACCOUNT

Traders work at the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE), Friday, November 8, 2024. Source: NYSE

This report is from today's CNBC Daily Open, our international markets newsletter. CNBC Daily Open brings investors up to speed on everything they need to know, no matter where they are. Like what you see? You can subscribe here.

What you need to know today

The bottom line

The stock market is riding high on Trump's election victory. The S&P 500 ticked up 0.1% to close at 6,001.35, the first time it's ended the day above 6,000. Likewise, the Dow Jones Industrial Averag e, after adding 0.69%, closed at a record of 44,293.69, its first close above 44,000. While Tesla's rally sees no signs of stopping — shares popped almost 9% yesterday — other tech giants such as Apple and Microsoft have seen shares slip. That caused the Nasdaq Composite to underperform the S&P and Dow. The tech-heavy index eked out a 0.06% gain. The postelection stock rally, however, is likely to stay strong for now. "The Republicans' decisive win has ignited 'animal spirits,' despite already lofty expectations," wrote Morgan Stanley Wealth Management's Chief Investment Officer Lisa Shalett in a Monday note. But whether the good vibes are the healthy flood of endorphins after a run, or the alcoholic buzz that will lead to a hangover, is still an open question. Amid such uncertainty, investors "could well benefit from practicing patience and avoiding jumping to conclusions as to how the election outcome will affect the markets," wrote John Stoltzfus, chief investment strategist at Oppenheimer Asset Management. "We favor broad diversification tuned more to cyclical and secular trends that remain in place for now," he added. Likewise, Shalett advocates a "balanced stance" for investors, and cautions they avoid jumping to conclusions on whether the surge in stocks is signaling stronger economic growth. So, it remains to be seen if the rally will fizzle out once the initial election euphoria wears off, or if the market frenzy portends a longer-term phenomenon. It's hard to go wrong following the age-old rules for investing in the stock market: Be in it for the long term, diversify and look at fundamentals like earnings and valuation. — CNBC's Brian Evans and Alex Harring contributed to this report.

### DATE: 
2024-11-12

### Summary: 
Source: NYSEThis report is from today's CNBC Daily Open, our international markets newsletter.
CNBC Daily Open brings investors up to speed on everything they need to know, no matter where they are.
What you need to know todayThe bottom lineThe stock market is riding high on Trump's election victory.
The postelection stock rally, however, is likely to stay strong for now.
It's hard to go wrong following the age-old rules for investing in the stock market: Be in it for the long term, diversify and look at fundamentals like earnings and valuation.

### Keywords: 
open
best
shares
stocks
rally
market
postelection
afterglow
investors
election
stock
wrote
sp
prudent
cnbc
stay
daily

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 145


### TITLE: 
Elon Musk is no Kissinger, but may help improve U.S.-China relations, experts say

### TEXT: 
Elon Musk embraces Donald Trump during a campaign rally in Butler, Pennsylvania on Oct. 5, 2024. Anna Moneymaker | Getty Images

Elon Musk's relationship with Donald Trump has fueled expectations that he could soften the U.S. President-elect's policy stance toward Beijing, but experts caution against putting too much stock into the Tesla CEO. The billionaire was one of Trump's top campaign donors and could reportedly get a cabinet or advisory role at the White House. In the lead-up to the elections, their relationship had piqued Beijing's interest due to Musk's close ties to China, where his company, Tesla , runs a massive "gigafactory." "There has been widespread curiosity in China the past few months about whether Musk could be the new Kissinger, helping broker a deal between Washington and Beijing," said Scott Kennedy, senior adviser and Trustee Chair in Chinese Business & Economics at the Center for Strategic and International Studies. "Whether this is an ingenious insight that will help keep relations from imploding or part of an unrealistic soothing scenario Chinese want to tell themselves is hard to know at this point," he added.

watch now

U.S. diplomat Henry Kissinger, who passed away last year, is credited with normalizing relations between the U.S. and China, beginning with his first visit to Beijing in July 1971. Kissinger was deeply respected in China and continued to meet with its leaders as an unofficial diplomat in efforts to promote warmer relations between the two countries. Just months before Kissinger died in November 2023, he met with Chinese President Xi Jinping in Beijing in July 2023. Hopes that Musk could fill the hole left by Kissinger have arisen as he increasingly engages with high-ranking officials in China, where he established Tesla as the country's first wholly foreign-owned automaker in 2018. The Tesla and SpaceX CEO during his last visit in April met Chinese Premier Li Qiang, who cited Tesla as an example of successful trade cooperation between Beijing and Washington, according to state media. Wang Yiwei, director of the institute of international relations at Renmin University, told CNBC that Musk is seen as a business person who understands both China and the U.S. This could see him help push for some flexibility with or even cancellation of the strict tariff hikes Trump has threatened to place on China-made products, Wang said. He hoped Musk's work in manufacturing could enable a deal for Chinese companies to build factories in the U.S. Musk has voiced concerns over tensions between the two countries and had criticized the Joe Biden administration when it raised tariffs on Chinese EVs to 100% earlier this year. The Biden administration has rolled out a raft of policies aimed at bringing manufacturers of high-end tech back to the U.S., many of which Trump is expected to uphold.

Businessman, not diplomat

In order to make a real impact on U.S. policy, one businessman, even the richest in the world, will not be enough to improve relations the way Kissinger was once able, said Wang Huiyao, founder of the Beijing-based think tank Center for China and Globalization. Instead, Wang said that a group of prominent business and thought leaders, including Elon Musk, Apple's Tim Cook and Blackstone Group's Stephen Schwarzman, can act as a "group of Kissingers." They may not reach the same impact as Kissinger, given the more complex period, he said, though they could help stabilize relations. Cook and Schwarzman also regularly visit leaders in China, where they are often highlighted by Beijing as examples of positive China-U.S. business and trade relations. Dewardric McNeal, Longview Global managing director and senior policy analyst, told CNBC, "While it's true that China has occasionally used influential Americans as unofficial channels, it's a stretch to view Musk as a modern-day Kissinger."

watch now

### DATE: 
2024-11-12

### Summary: 
Elon Musk embraces Donald Trump during a campaign rally in Butler, Pennsylvania on Oct. 5, 2024.
Kissinger was deeply respected in China and continued to meet with its leaders as an unofficial diplomat in efforts to promote warmer relations between the two countries.
Just months before Kissinger died in November 2023, he met with Chinese President Xi Jinping in Beijing in July 2023.
They may not reach the same impact as Kissinger, given the more complex period, he said, though they could help stabilize relations.
Cook and Schwarzman also regularly visit leaders in China, where they are often highlighted by Beijing as examples of positive China-U.S. business and trade relations.

### Keywords: 
improve
wang
beijing
chinese
elon
uschina
trump
help
business
relations
musk
experts
say
kissinger
tesla
china

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 146


### TITLE: 
This Australian quit her job at 24 and started a business out of her parents' garage—now, it brings in over $100 million a year

### TEXT: 
Jane Lu, founder and CEO of Showpo. Courtesy of Jane Lu.

Growing up, Jane Lu dreamt of waking up every morning and putting on a power suit to go to work at a fancy corporate finance job in one of the tall city buildings. Today, the 38-year-old is the founder and CEO of online fashion retail company Showpo, which brings in over $100 million a year in revenue, according to documents reviewed by CNBC Make It. Along with running a nine-figure business, Lu is also currently a judge on "Shark Tank Australia" and has built a following of almost 400,000 users across her social media platforms, but her path to success was far from easy.

Humble beginnings

Lu grew up as the only child in an immigrant household. She moved to Australia from China at age eight with her parents. When her family first landed in Australia, Lu didn't know how to speak English, and her parents had to work odd jobs for several years as they tried to establish their lives in the new country.

Jane Lu with her parents. Courtesy of Jane Lu.

"You don't realize you're poor until... some kid makes you realize you're poor," she told CNBC Make It. "My mom... actually a cleaner for some of the [families of the] kids at my school." "I was the only foreigner at school that didn't speak English," she said, adding when she first started at school, she couldn't go to the bathroom because she didn't know how to ask where it was located. Lu said the experience of feeling so different from her peers left her with a chip on her shoulder.

5 to 9 after the 9 to 5

Competitive and driven by nature, Lu has always been an overachiever. During her first year of university, she had already landed a role at KPMG, one of the "Big 4" accounting firms. She worked there for about two and a half years, then moved onto a corporate finance role at Ernst & Young — all while balancing her school work. In 2009, one of Lu's friends approached her with a business idea: a pop-up store concept called "Fat Boye Group." "With a silent 'e,'" she said. This business idea eventually became Lu's side hustle. At that time, Lu was working in her corporate finance role during the day and on her business in the evenings. On weekends, she would run the brick and mortar pop up store. "The way the pop up worked was, it was set up and packed down on a daily basis. So, it was like so much manual work," she said. She used her parent's garage as a storage space for all of the business supplies, and would use any of her other free time handing out business cards with her partner, pitching their pop up concept to suppliers and running the store.

Quitting her corporate job in secret

As Lu realized that she loved running a business, she also began feeling very unhappy in her corporate role. "I just hated it. I found it so boring, so dry," she said. "I used to always look at my corporate job as financial security, and the thing that was going to lift me and my parents out of ever having to worry about not being able to pay rent or mortgage...Then, all of a sudden, looking at it as like a prison sentence." While the global financial crisis was in full swing, Lu's day job became more demanding as her favorite managers were being made redundant. Lu finally quit her corporate job in June 2010. The final straw: having to spend a half a day removing a circular reference in an excel sheet that causing the document to crash. "I'm like, 'Oh my god, you have one life and now I'm three hours closer to death, and what have I done? I've done something so meaningless as to remove this circular reference,'" she said.

Jane Lu when she was working in accounting. Courtesy of Jane Lu.

Lu decided to keep the decision a secret from her parents. "I couldn't bring myself to tell my parents I had quit my job to sell clothes in a pop up store," she said. So, for months, she would wake up early in the morning, put on a suit, have breakfast with her parents and commute into the city with her mom as if she was still working in her corporate finance role. After her mom went to work, Lu would sneak off to spend her entire day working on Fat Boye Group.

Hitting rock bottom

Coincidentally, about one month after Lu quit her job and went all in on the company, her business partner returned from an overseas vacation, and decided that she was over the startup life. "She basically said: 'Look, Jane, I don't want to do this anymore... I don't want to be poor anymore. I don't like the startup life. I've been job hunting while I was away and I'm going back to work," said Lu. At that point, Lu lacked the confidence to run the business by herself, so in July 2010, she shut down Fat Boye Group. "If you cut to just a month ago, I had everything that me and my parents have been working towards: financial security, job security, and a great job at that," she said. Then, she found herself in about $60,000 of debt due to money owed from her student loans, losing money in the business and more. "I was a failure... I was embarrassed, ashamed, and I also couldn't get another job because it was the middle of the global financial crisis. So I was just so devastated," said Lu.

From $60,000 in debt to $100 million a year business

Two months later, Lu was still unemployed and looking for work, so she reached out to the only friend she knew that owned a business in hopes of securing a job at his company. But instead of offering Lu a job, he offered to connect her with someone he knew in the online fashion retail industry. Lu met up with the girl, who she declined to name, and they hit it off immediately. "Then maybe the third time meeting her, after a few too many glasses of red wine, we came up with a name and the concept for the store, and then that night, I came home and I was still drunk, and just built the website," said Lu. The new business partners decided on the name "Show Pony," which was eventually shortened to "Showpo." That same weekend in September 2010, they did their first photoshoot, found suppliers, and within one week, made their first sale.

Jane Lu in Showpo's first office. Courtesy of Jane Lu.

Lu was still in debt at the time, so they couldn't afford to pay for a traditional supplier or traditional marketing and had to get creative. "We did traditional marketing for [the first business] and that just drained the business out of money, and that's why Showpo, having no money, had to do social media," said Lu, which she credits for contributing to the success of the company. In addition, "the fact that [Fat Boye Group] was bricks and mortar, I saw that it wasn't scalable, and that's why Showpo was online first," she said. "That's the best crash course in business — when you actually fail at something, because I think that's when you really learn." After about fifteen months, Lu's business partner decided to leave as sales began declining. "By the time that she was leaving, the sales just got worse and worse," said Lu. "She [was running] her own business the whole time [which] was doing a lot better and was growing, so she decided to tap out." In December 2011, Lu bought out her business partner, and became the sole owner of Showpo. In the first month of running the business by herself, Lu was able to double the company's sales to $9,000 a month, and two years later, Showpo hit a $1 million run rate.

Revealing the secret

Over the span of the first two years building Showpo, Lu kept it a secret that she had quit her corporate finance job. She was worried about disappointing or worrying her parents, but by 2012, the company was growing quickly and Lu finally decided to fess up. "I remember us having half a million dollars sitting in stock, and I was like: 'Okay, worst case scenario, I can sell all of this and start another business,'" Lu said. "That was a pinch me moment... [seeing that] no matter what happens, I've shifted the trajectory of my career." On Father's Day, Lu brought her parents to a fine dining restaurant in Center Point Tower, one of the iconic buildings in Sydney, Australia, and broke the news. "So I told them, and [said] that I was going to buy them a new car, because they've only had secondhand cars at this point... and then [also] that I was going to pay off their mortgage," said Lu.

Jane Lu with her parents, husband and children. Courtesy of Jane Lu.

### DATE: 
2024-11-12

### Summary: 
Jane Lu with her parents.
Courtesy of Jane Lu.
Quitting her corporate job in secretAs Lu realized that she loved running a business, she also began feeling very unhappy in her corporate role.
Revealing the secretOver the span of the first two years building Showpo, Lu kept it a secret that she had quit her corporate finance job.
"I remember us having half a million dollars sitting in stock, and I was like: 'Okay, worst case scenario, I can sell all of this and start another business,'" Lu said.

### Keywords: 
decided
australian
brings
job
jane
million
24
lu
showpo
work
business
working
started
corporate
quit
parents
garagenow

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 147


### TITLE: 
CNBC Daily Open: Better to stay prudent than bask in the postelection afterglow

### TEXT: 
This report is from today's CNBC Daily Open, our international markets newsletter. CNBC Daily Open brings investors up to speed on everything they need to know, no matter where they are. Like what you see? You can subscribe here .

Record closing levels

U.S. markets traded higher Monday. The S&P 500 closed above 6,000 for the first time and the Dow Jones Industrial Average hit a fresh closing high above 44,000. The pan-European Stoxx 600 index jumped 1.13%. The U.K. government sold more of its stake in NatWest. That "vote of confidence," as an analyst put it, pushed up U.K. bank shares.

Frenzy in crypto world

Bitcoin broke another record Monday, rising 12.1% to $88,684.00, according to Coin Metrics. It's so much in demand that the iShares Bitcoin Trust, a bitcoin ETF, has surpassed the iShares Gold Trust, in terms of assets managed. Separately, the estate of crypto exchange FTX sued Binance and its former CEO, Changpeng Zhao, over a "fraudulent" share deal.

'Most pro-stock market president'

President-elect Donald Trump is the "most pro-stock market president" the U.S. has had in its history, Jeremy Siegel, finance professor at the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania, told CNBC. Trump measures his success by the performance of the stock market, so it's "unlikely he's going to implement policies" that will be bad for it, Siegel said.

Getting around Trump's tariffs

European countries are scrambling to work out the best response to Trump's pledge of a universal tariff of 10% to 20% on all U.S. imports. Countermeasures could include deeper integration into regional markets and introduction of tariffs, said analysts, adding that boosting American imports to secure an exception from tariffs could also be an option.

[PRO] Overheating rally?

After the U.S. presidential election, the S&P 500 and Dow Jones Industrial Average had their best week in around a year. Some think the rally is getting ahead of itself, writes CNBC Pro's Fred Imbert. A Wall Street analyst pointed out that, according to history, one ostensibly bullish sign actually portends retreats in the near term.

### DATE: 
2024-11-12

### Summary: 
This report is from today's CNBC Daily Open, our international markets newsletter.
CNBC Daily Open brings investors up to speed on everything they need to know, no matter where they are.
Separately, the estate of crypto exchange FTX sued Binance and its former CEO, Changpeng Zhao, over a "fraudulent" share deal.
Some think the rally is getting ahead of itself, writes CNBC Pro's Fred Imbert.
A Wall Street analyst pointed out that, according to history, one ostensibly bullish sign actually portends retreats in the near term.

### Keywords: 
open
better
siegel
market
trumps
postelection
afterglow
trump
tariffs
uk
sp
trust
bask
markets
prudent
cnbc
stay
daily

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 148


### TITLE: 
European Google rivals partner on search engine infrastructure to counter Big Tech

### TEXT: 
In this article GOOGL Follow your favorite stocks CREATE FREE ACCOUNT

A Google logo displays on a smartphone screen and the European flag on a computer screen. Nikolas Kokovlis | Nurphoto | Getty Images

LISBON, Portugal — Ecosia and Qwant, two search engines competing with Google , announced a partnership Tuesday to build a European search index and reduce their dependence on U.S. Big Tech firms. The two internet search firms agreed a joint venture, called the European Search Perspective or EUSP, with ownership split 50-50 between both firms. With a view to launch in France in early 2025, the venture aims to serve "improved" French and German language search results. Ecosia is based in Berlin, while Qwant is headquartered in Paris. Qwant is a privacy-focused search engine that promises not to track users or resell their personal data. Ecosia's search engine focuses on sustainability, pledging to plant one tree for every 50 searches on its platform. Search infrastructure is what powers our access to the web, but it's currently primarily controlled by Google, the dominant search engine with a more than 90% share of the global market. Even alternative search engines, such as Ecosia and Qwant, have to rely on existing tech from companies like Microsoft to deliver search results. Christian Kroll, CEO of Ecosia, told CNBC the project had been made possible, in part, by new tech-focused competition rules in the European Union. The Digital Markets Act, which came into force earlier this year, requires Big Tech firms it calls "gatekeepers" to offer fair and reasonable access to their platforms. In Google's case, the company is required under the DMA to share data that would be useful for training a search model.

Why build a European search index?

Currently, alternative search engines like Ecosia, Qwant and DuckDuckGo don't develop their own back-end infrastructure. The new venture will see them build their own search index from scratch, however, amassing results from a mix of different search engines. Ecosia last year switched to a mix of Google and Bing search results.

watch now

Ecosia and Qwant say their new search index will be "privacy-first," using technologies from Qwant that were redesigned in 2023. Both companies will use the search index themselves but the tech will also be made available to other independent search engines and tech firms. The launch comes as alternative search providers like Ecosia and Qwant are being forced to grapple with higher prices from Microsoft to access its Bing Search API (application programming interface), a piece of software that lets developers access the tech giant's backend search infrastructure. "We are European companies and we need to build technology that makes sure no third-party decision — for instance, Microsoft's decision to increase costs to access their search API — could jeopardize our business," Olivier Abecassis, CEO of Qwant, told CNBC. "It is nothing against the U.S. or U.S. companies. It is all about the sovereignty of our business and companies," he added. Abecassis will also serve as CEO of the new venture, which hasn't yet raised funding from external investors. Europeans are "very dependent on the United States for our technology," Kroll said in an interview last week ahead of the launch. The election of Donald Trump as U.S. president could escalate geopolitical tensions, he added — and this could be a problem for Europe's reliance on U.S. technology. He pointed to the disruption to European energy supplies after Russia cut off gas to Europe following its invasion of Ukraine, saying this should serve as a warning for what can happen when an entire continent becomes too dependent on a single country for a key resource.

AI 'paradigm shift' in search

Part of Ecosia and Qwant's push to build a search engine from scratch will be to offer a "transparent and secure data pool" for new AI technologies, according to the companies. Search providers may get "more restrictive" in future, given the shift toward generative AI, Ecosia's Kroll told CNBC. "They know they're sitting on a very important resource for this paradigm shift," he said. "Yes, you need large language models to have good chatbots. But you also need access to a good index." The rise of OpenAI's ChatGPT has put pressure on incumbent search giant Google, as people increasingly turn to the viral chatbot to search for information. Meanwhile, a slew of new search engines, such as Perplexity, have also entered the market, offering their own generative-AI-based alternatives to Google. Google has fought back with its own generative AI search product, integrating its Gemini large language model into search results.

### DATE: 
2024-11-12

### Summary: 
The two internet search firms agreed a joint venture, called the European Search Perspective or EUSP, with ownership split 50-50 between both firms.
Why build a European search index?
Currently, alternative search engines like Ecosia, Qwant and DuckDuckGo don't develop their own back-end infrastructure.
The new venture will see them build their own search index from scratch, however, amassing results from a mix of different search engines.
Both companies will use the search index themselves but the tech will also be made available to other independent search engines and tech firms.

### Keywords: 
access
ecosia
european
partner
engines
index
counter
engine
tech
infrastructure
search
google
big
rivals
qwant
companies

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 149


### TITLE: 
Asia-Pacific markets fall as U.S. postelection rally fails to lift regional optimism

### TEXT: 
Japan's Nikkei 225 slipped 0.4% to close at 39,376.09. The Topix ended the trading day around the flatline at 2,741.52.

Hong Kong's Hang Seng index dropped 2.76%, while mainland China's CSI 300 shed 1.1% to end at 4,085.74. Australia's S&P/ASX 200 closed 0.13% lower at 8,255.6. South Korea's Kospi fell by 1.94% to close at 2,482.57, while the Kosdaq Index dropped 2.51% to 710.52.

Asia-Pacific markets fell Tuesday, with investors exercising caution even as U.S. stocks continued their postelection rally, with key benchmarks closing at record highs.

Traders in Asia-Pacific also assessed economic data from the region, including a survey from the National Australia Bank on business conditions and Indonesia's September retail sales.

India will be reporting its consumer price index reading for October, and oil cartel OPEC will release its monthly oil market report later in the day.

The Dow Jones Industrial Average surged more than 300 points on Monday and closed at a record high as the benchmark's postelection rally pressed forward.

The 30-stock Dow gained 304 points, or 0.69%, to 44,293.69. It's rise brought the index above 44,000 for the first time. The S&P 500 added 0.1% to end the day at 6,001.35, also a record close. However, the Nasdaq Composite hovered near the flatline, up 0.06% to 19,298.76.

Bitcoin surged above $87,000, boosted by hopes of deregulation as well. Crypto related stocks Coinbase and Mara Holdings rallied 20% and 30%, respectively.

—CNBC's Brian Evans and Alex Harring contributed to this report.

### DATE: 
2024-11-12

### Summary: 
Hong Kong's Hang Seng index dropped 2.76%, while mainland China's CSI 300 shed 1.1% to end at 4,085.74.
South Korea's Kospi fell by 1.94% to close at 2,482.57, while the Kosdaq Index dropped 2.51% to 710.52.
Asia-Pacific markets fell Tuesday, with investors exercising caution even as U.S. stocks continued their postelection rally, with key benchmarks closing at record highs.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average surged more than 300 points on Monday and closed at a record high as the benchmark's postelection rally pressed forward.
The S&P 500 added 0.1% to end the day at 6,001.35, also a record close.

### Keywords: 
lift
fall
record
rally
close
stocks
postelection
points
regional
index
oil
surged
optimism
markets
report
fails
asiapacific

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 150


### TITLE: 
China's state-owned tobacco behemoth is booming, defying global trends and anti-smoking efforts

### TEXT: 
Photo of cigarettes sold in Shanghai on March 7, 2022. Cfoto | Future Publishing | Getty Images

China is bucking global smoking trends as cigarette sales surge in the country, powered by "the biggest tobacco company most people have never heard of." The China National Tobacco Corporation, commonly known as China Tobacco, has a near monopoly on China's tobacco product sales, which has seen the state-owned company grow into the largest cigarette producer in the world despite its relative obscurity abroad. Retail cigarette sales in China have been growing for the past 4 years, reaching 2.44 trillion sticks in 2023, data from Euromonitor showed. The research group forecasts that sales will continue to increase annually, hitting 2.48 trillion by 2028. Euromonitor added that growth has coincided with the increasing popularity of "slim" cigarettes, often advertised as "low-tar," and various types of flavored cigarettes. These trends — fueled by China Tobacco — come against the backdrop of a long-term decline in cigarette sales globally. Between 2019 and 2023, annual worldwide sales of cigarette sticks fell by about 2.7% to 5.18 trillion, according to Euromonitor data. At more than 300 million, China has the most cigarette smokers in the world, making up nearly a third of the world's total smokers, according to the World Health Organization. While Beijing has made commitments to curb smoking prevalence, it hasn't appeared to have materially impacted tobacco sales. The State Tobacco Monopoly Administration, which oversees China Tobacco's operations, reported that China's tobacco industry realized revenue of about 1.5 trillion yuan ($210 billion) in fiscal year 2023, up 4.3% from the previous year. China Tobacco is estimated to make up 97% of the country's tobacco production and sales. Philip Morris International, the world's second-largest tobacco company, reported a net revenue of $35.2 billion in 2023.

'Conflict of interest'

One of the main factors that has cut global tobacco use, especially in wealthy countries, has been the World Health Organization Framework Convention on Tobacco Control, aimed at reducing global tobacco use, experts told CNBC. Gan Quan, senior vice president of the tobacco control department at Vital Strategies, said, "We tend to see less progress in countries where the industry is able to influence government policy." In the case of China Tobacco, industry and government policy directly overlap. The company was founded in 1982 with the express purpose of bringing the industry under one centrally planned umbrella. According to Quan, China's STMA is directly involved in setting tobacco control policy in the country. Thus, China Tobacco functions as both a company and a regulatory agency for the Chinese tobacco market, creating "an obvious conflict of interest." "China Tobacco has been exploiting this insider status and wielding its influence within the government to effectively block the adoption of tobacco control policies," he added. By 2014, the behemoth had over half a million employees and controlled 33 provincial tobacco watchdog bureaus, 57 cigarette enterprises, and more than 1,000 other small commercial businesses. The company is estimated to be contributing as much as 12% to China's tax revenue, according to Bath University. The belief in China that tobacco growing is essential to farmers and that tobacco tax is an important contributor to the national economy are among the barriers to tougher government regulation, Judith Mackay, director of the Asian Consultancy on Tobacco Control told CNBC. China Tobacco and its Hong Kong-based subsidiary China Tobacco International (HK) did not respond to an inquiry from CNBC.

Global expansion

### DATE: 
2024-11-12

### Summary: 
These trends — fueled by China Tobacco — come against the backdrop of a long-term decline in cigarette sales globally.
While Beijing has made commitments to curb smoking prevalence, it hasn't appeared to have materially impacted tobacco sales.
In the case of China Tobacco, industry and government policy directly overlap.
"China Tobacco has been exploiting this insider status and wielding its influence within the government to effectively block the adoption of tobacco control policies," he added.
China Tobacco and its Hong Kong-based subsidiary China Tobacco International (HK) did not respond to an inquiry from CNBC.

### Keywords: 
china
industry
tobacco
global
sales
booming
cigarette
company
trillion
stateowned
efforts
defying
behemoth
world
control
antismoking
trends
chinas

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 151


### TITLE: 
Want to cash in on China's stimulus? Here's what the pros expect next

### TEXT: 
Chinese markets are back in the spotlight after a slew of government stimulus measures over recent weeks. Friday's news of a five-year 10 trillion Chinese yuan ($1.4 trillion) debt swap program disappointed investors, however, falling short of calls for more direct support for the economy. For many market participants — including Pella Funds' Jordan Cvetanovski — this means taking a longer view when it comes to investing in the Asian powerhouse. "I think the right way of looking at what China's up to, really, is to see it as a process," he told CNBC's "Street Signs Asia" on Monday. "The markets are always impatient. They want to see a big sugar high immediately, and they want to see a big bazooka ... However, as we've discovered over many years, the Chinese government ... does things in a more measured fashion." Cvetanovski, Pella Funds' founder, chief investment officer and portfolio manager, added that "more patient, longer-term investors would be rewarded by looking at the bigger picture." His comments come as China's Ministry of Finance signaled Friday that more fiscal support could come next year . It also flagged its near-term focus on addressing local government debt. Looking ahead, Paul Cavey, founder and economist at research house East Asia Econ, said there will be more stimulus measures to come, especially given the potential for a hike in tariffs by President-elect Donald Trump. Carey is expecting two types of policies: fiscal support to "resolve some of the excess inventories in the property market," as well as measures that help promote new segments of growth to cope with any extra tariffs on exports to the U.S, he told CNBC's "Squawk Box Asia" on Monday. Stocks to watch As investors ponder how to navigate the Chinese market, Bernstein said there are attractive opportunities in "growth and high volume stocks [aligned] with policy led rebound." "Cheap valuations, declining equity risk premium, improving earnings support (Financials, Real Estate, Utilities, Healthcare, Tech, Materials showing signs of bottom in downgrades) and low positioning (GEM funds were -2.4% underweight China, 0.7% overweight India by Sept. end) still make Chinese equities attractive," the investment bank's analysts wrote in a Nov. 6 note. Among the bank's outperform-rated stocks are tech giants Tencent and Meituan . The bank's analysts describe Tencent as its "top 'set and forget' stock idea in the sector, especially as the company's capital returns grow with earnings over time." Meanwhile, they view shopping platform Meituan as "the fastest growing name in the China Internet sector in the next few years." Bernstein has a target price of 540 Hong Kong dollars ($69.47) on Tencent and 220 Hong Kong dollars on Meituan — giving them potential upside of around 30% and 18% respectively. Both Tencent and Meituan trade on the Hong Kong Exchange and in the U.S. as American Depository Receipts (ADR) under the ticker TCEHY and MPNGY . — CNBC's Evelyn Cheng and Michael Bloom contributed to this report.

### DATE: 
2024-11-12

### Summary: 
Chinese markets are back in the spotlight after a slew of government stimulus measures over recent weeks.
"I think the right way of looking at what China's up to, really, is to see it as a process," he told CNBC's "Street Signs Asia" on Monday.
His comments come as China's Ministry of Finance signaled Friday that more fiscal support could come next year .
Stocks to watch As investors ponder how to navigate the Chinese market, Bernstein said there are attractive opportunities in "growth and high volume stocks [aligned] with policy led rebound."
Both Tencent and Meituan trade on the Hong Kong Exchange and in the U.S. as American Depository Receipts (ADR) under the ticker TCEHY and MPNGY .

### Keywords: 
looking
stocks
pros
market
chinese
tencent
investors
chinas
expect
meituan
measures
kong
cash
support
stimulus
heres

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 152


### TITLE: 
Elon Musk is $70 billion richer since Trump victory due to Tesla stock surge

### TEXT: 
Elon Musk on stage before Republican presidential nominee former President Donald Trump speaks at a rally at Madison Square Garden in New York, NY on Sunday, October 27, 2024.

Elon Musk spent $44 billion to buy Twitter, now known as X, and at least $130 million to help get Donald Trump elected president.

It's a combination that's paid off handsomely. Since Trump's victory last week, Musk is about $70 billion richer on paper.

Most of Musk's wealth is wrapped up in his holdings of Tesla , and in the four trading days since the election, the electric vehicle maker's stock has soared by about 39%. That's lifted the company's market cap well past $1 trillion.

Musk's net worth has swelled to $320 billion, according to Forbes, putting him close to $90 billion ahead of Oracle founder Larry Ellison, the world's second-richest person. Ellison, a close friend of Musk's and a former Tesla board member, is a longtime Republican donor who's seen his own Trump bump, with Oracle's 10% increase lifting his net worth by about $20 billion.

For Musk, getting Trump back into the White House became another full-time job. He funded a swing-state operation to register right-leaning voters, and he led rallies as a surrogate for his favored candidate. He started $1 million giveaways to registered voters who signed one of his America PAC petitions, and he faced a lawsuit over running an illegal lottery in Pennsylvania.

Musk also used X, the social media platform he acquired in 2022, to constantly tout his support for Trump while frequently spreading misinformation about his opponent, Vice President Kamala Harris, as well as topics like immigration and voter fraud.

Now, Musk is trying to make sure he cashes in on his investments.

After the election last week, Musk briefly joined Trump's phone call with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy, NBC News reported. Other outlets, including The New York Times and ABC, have reported that Musk has been weighing in on staffing decisions for the next administration, and he's spent a lot of time since the election at Trump's Mar-a-Lago resort in Florida. Brendan Carr, who is likely to be Trump's choice to run the Federal Communications Commission, is seen as a longstanding Musk ally.

### DATE: 
2024-11-11

### Summary: 
Elon Musk on stage before Republican presidential nominee former President Donald Trump speaks at a rally at Madison Square Garden in New York, NY on Sunday, October 27, 2024.
Elon Musk spent $44 billion to buy Twitter, now known as X, and at least $130 million to help get Donald Trump elected president.
Since Trump's victory last week, Musk is about $70 billion richer on paper.
For Musk, getting Trump back into the White House became another full-time job.
After the election last week, Musk briefly joined Trump's phone call with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy, NBC News reported.

### Keywords: 
richer
victory
x
trumps
elon
trump
election
worth
70
billion
surge
musk
week
tesla
york
stock
president

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 153


### TITLE: 
Tuesday's big stock stories: What’s likely to move the market in the next trading session

### TEXT: 
Stocks @ Night is a daily newsletter delivered after hours, giving you a first look at tomorrow and a last look at today. Sign up for free to receive it directly in your inbox.

Here's what CNBC TV's producers were watching on Monday and what's on the radar for Tuesday's session.

### DATE: 
2024-11-11

### Summary: 
Stocks @ Night is a daily newsletter delivered after hours, giving you a first look at tomorrow and a last look at today.
Sign up for free to receive it directly in your inbox.
Here's what CNBC TV's producers were watching on Monday and what's on the radar for Tuesday's session.

### Keywords: 
tomorrow
session
stocks
trading
market
sign
tuesdays
watching
tvs
today
look
big
likely
stock
whats

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 154


### TITLE: 
Credit card debt among retirees jumps — 'It's alarming,' researcher says

### TEXT: 
Mixetto | E+ | Getty Images

The share of Americans with credit card debt in retirement has jumped considerably — a worrisome financial trend, especially for those with little wiggle room in their budgets, experts said. About 68% of retirees had outstanding credit card debt in 2024, up "substantially" from 40% in 2022 and 43% in 2020, according to a new poll by the Employee Benefit Research Institute. "It's alarming for retirees living on a fixed income," said Bridget Bearden, a research strategist at EBRI who analyzed the survey data.

Inflation is the 'true driver'

Inflation is the "true driver" of retirees' increased use of credit cards, Bearden said. But it's not just retirees. About 2 in 5 cardholders have maxed out or nearly hit their card limit since early 2022, resulting from inflation and higher interest rates, according to a recent Bankrate poll. U.S. consumer prices grew quickly in recent years, as they have around the world due largely to pandemic-era supply-and-demand shocks.

"If so much of your Social Security income is now going toward your rent, then you have few funds left over for other essential expenses," thereby driving up credit card use, Bearden said. Social Security beneficiaries get an annual cost of living adjustment meant to help recipients keep up with inflation. However, data suggests those adjustments don't go far enough. To that point, Social Security recipients have lost about 20% of their buying power since 2010, according to the Senior Citizens League. EBRI polled 3,661 retirees between the ages of 62 and 75 during summer 2024. About 83% were collecting Social Security benefits, with the typical person getting roughly half their income from Social Security.

An 'expensive form of borrowing'

Credits cards, which carry high interest rates, are an "expensive form of borrowing," Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis researchers wrote in a May 2024 analysis. Credit cards have only become more expensive as interest rates have swelled to record highs. Consumers paid a 23% average rate on their balances in August 2024, up from about 17% in 2019, according to Federal Reserve data.

watch now

Rates have risen as the U.S. Federal Reserve hiked interest rates to combat high inflation. The average household with credit card debt was paying $106 a month in interest alone in November 2023, according to the Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis.

Retirees' debt was rising before the pandemic

Rising debt levels were a problem for older Americans even before pandemic-era inflation. "American families just reaching retirement or those newly retired are more likely to have debt — and higher levels of debt — than past generations," according to a separate EBRI study, published in August. More and more families are having issues with debt during their working years, which then carries into and through retirement, the report said. The typical family with a head of household age 75 and older had $1,700 of credit card debt in 2022, EBRI said in the August report. Those with a head of household age 65 to 74 had $3,500 of credit card debt, it said.

Fstop123 | E+ | Getty Images

1. Reduce expenses There are a few ways retirees can get their credit card debt under control, financial advisors said. The first step "is to figure out why they had to go in debt in the first place," said Carolyn McClanahan, a certified financial planner and founder of Life Planning Partners in Jacksonville, Florida. She's also a member of CNBC's Financial Advisor Council. If a cardholder's income isn't enough to meet their basic spending, or if a big event such as a home repair or medical procedure required them to borrow money, the person should consider lifestyle changes to reduce future expenses, McClanahan said.

McClanahan made these recommendations for ways cardholders can cut spending: Make sure you don't have useless subscriptions or apps;

Do an energy audit on your home to find ways to cut your water, electric and/or gas bill;

Cook more and eat out less, which is both healthier and less expensive. Retirees may also choose to make a bigger lifestyle decision, including relocating to an area with a lower cost of living, said CFP Ted Jenkin, the founder of oXYGen Financial and a member of the CNBC Financial Advisor Council. Meanwhile, any spending cuts should be applied to reducing credit card debt, McClanahan said. Consumers can use a debt repayment calculator to help set repayment goals, she said. 2. Boost income Retirees can also consider going back to work at least part time to earn more income, McClanahan said. But there might be some "low-hanging fruit" retirees are overlooking, advisors said. For example, they may be able to sell valuable items accumulated over the years — such as furniture, jewelry and collectibles — perhaps via Facebook Marketplace, Craigslist or a garage sale, said Winnie Sun, the co-founder of Sun Group Wealth Partners, based in Irvine, California. She's also a member of CNBC's Financial Advisor Council.

It's alarming for retirees living on a fixed income. Bridget Bearden research strategist at EBRI

### DATE: 
2024-11-11

### Summary: 
Retirees' debt was rising before the pandemicRising debt levels were a problem for older Americans even before pandemic-era inflation.
The typical family with a head of household age 75 and older had $1,700 of credit card debt in 2022, EBRI said in the August report.
Those with a head of household age 65 to 74 had $3,500 of credit card debt, it said.
Reduce expenses There are a few ways retirees can get their credit card debt under control, financial advisors said.
Meanwhile, any spending cuts should be applied to reducing credit card debt, McClanahan said.

### Keywords: 
card
retirees
according
credit
income
debt
jumps
social
interest
alarming
financial
ebri
researcher

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 155


### TITLE: 
IAC exploring spinoff of home improvement marketplace Angi

### TEXT: 
IAC said Monday it's exploring a spinoff of Angi , an online platform that connects consumers with a marketplace of home improvement service providers, such as electricians and landscapers, in their area.

Angi stock price was down nearly 4% in after-hours trading Monday. IAC shares gained more than 1%.

The holding company is considering a spinoff of Angi that would result in its stake being distributed to shareholders, IAC CEO Joey Levin wrote in a letter to shareholders that coincided with the company's third-quarter earnings release. IAC owns 85% of Angi, which also includes home services marketplaces Handy and HomeAdvisor.

IAC said there's no specific timeline for when the spinoff would take place, but if it decides to move forward with the plan, a transaction is expected to happen by the end of the company's second quarter. Media platform Dotdash Meredith and MGM Resorts "would comprise the core of IAC" in the event of an Angi spinoff, Levin said.

"With the considerable progress made and developments on the horizon, we have real upside in the business," Levin wrote. "Angi's economic foundation continues to strengthen, and we suspect that Angi's best shot at realizing that upside to the benefit of our shareholders may be as a standalone company."

Levin went on to say that Angi is "healthy, profitable and on a path to resume revenue growth." The company's revenue declined 16% year over year to $296.7 million during the third quarter, which Angi attributed to lower sales and marketing spend, which led to a decrease in service requests and lower acquisition of new professionals. Analysts were looking for revenue of $297 million, according to LSEG.

Angi saw earnings of 7 cents per share, compared with consensus expectations for zero cents per share, according to LSEG.

IAC acquired Angi in 2017, and it's been weighing a spinoff of the business for several years. The company postponed the effort in 2019 as it completed the spinoff of Match Group , which owns dating services including Tinder, Match and Hinge.

IAC has become known for incubating businesses and spinning them off into separate companies. It's done the same with Expedia , Ticketmaster and LendingTree, among others.

In IAC's earnings release, the company also broke out results from its Care.com segment for the first time. IAC in 2019 acquired Care.com, an online marketplace for consumers to find child care, senior care, pet care and other services, for nearly $500 million.

Care.com revenue declined 6% year over year to $95.7 million during the third quarter. In the last 12 months, Care.com generated adjusted EBITDA of $46 million.

WATCH: Barry Diller on 2024 election: I'm 'incredibly optimistic' for 2028

### DATE: 
2024-11-11

### Summary: 
IAC said Monday it's exploring a spinoff of Angi , an online platform that connects consumers with a marketplace of home improvement service providers, such as electricians and landscapers, in their area.
IAC owns 85% of Angi, which also includes home services marketplaces Handy and HomeAdvisor.
Media platform Dotdash Meredith and MGM Resorts "would comprise the core of IAC" in the event of an Angi spinoff, Levin said.
Angi saw earnings of 7 cents per share, compared with consensus expectations for zero cents per share, according to LSEG.
IAC acquired Angi in 2017, and it's been weighing a spinoff of the business for several years.

### Keywords: 
shareholders
earnings
services
revenue
improvement
quarter
million
spinoff
marketplace
angi
exploring
levin
iac

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 156


### TITLE: 
The 'Trump trades' that also give you income as you wait for policies to come to fruition

### TEXT: 
President-elect Donald Trump 's policies are expected to be a boon for certain sectors of the market. Broadly, the stock market has surged higher since the election last week, with the Dow Jones Industrial Average closing at a record high Monday . Among those who see bigger gains ahead are Wharton School finance professor Jeremy Siegel, who called Trump "the most pro-stock market president we have had in our history." Those who want to focus on specific names that may be poised to outperform — and pay dividends while investors wait for the administration's plans to come to pass — could use history as a guide. CNBC screened for S & P 500 stocks that jumped at least 10% from Election Day 2016 through the end of that year, and popped 2% or more on Wednesday, the day after the election. In addition, analysts had to predict further gains ahead — the stocks have at least 1% upside to the average price target, according to FactSet. Finally, the names pay investors a dividend of at least 2%. The result is a list that is heavy in bank stocks, which are expected to get a boost from the new administration's agenda. The S & P financial sector soared more than 6% on Wednesday after Trump's victory. Bank of America is among those on Wall Street that think the banks' move since Election Day has not been excessive. "We believe that the potential for a balanced regulatory backdrop (Basel End Game, stress test regime, GSIB surcharge/SLR), potential for a pick-up in domestic capex (positive for lending, capital raising), corporate tax rate stable-to-lower (US banks domestic heavy), pick-up in larger M & A as risk of anti-trust challenges fades (positive for Wall Street), a steeper UST yield curve (provided yields remain anchored) should all positively impact EPS growth and ROTCE outlooks (suggests multiple expansion for bank stocks until these get fully reflected in EPS forecasts)," analyst Ebrahim Poonawala wrote in a note Monday. Several dividend-paying energy names also made the cut. Oil and gas companies are seen as benefiting from the Trump administration, while clean energy names are expected to suffer. Here are the "Trump trades" that are expected to move higher — and also pay dividends. Regional banks popped after the election, with the SPDR S & P Regional Banking ETF (KRE) adding more than 13% on Wednesday. In addition to an improved regulatory environment and increased mergers and acquisitions, regional banks should also benefit from the likely steepening of the yield curve and accelerated loan growth, Piper Sandler analyst Mark Fitzgibbon wrote in a Nov. 6 note. "Now that the election has been decided, we think banks and their customers can again begin to plan for the future with a bit more confidence and expect a more benign regulatory environment," he said. "While some challenges remain, we believe that loan growth should start to pick up in coming quarters." Those regional banks that met CNBC's criteria include Citizens Financial and Fifth Third Bancorp . Citizens gained 30% from Election Day 2016 through the end of that year and jumped 14% on Wednesday. It has a 3.7% dividend yield and 3% upside to the average price target, per FactSet. Fifth Third added 23% in the 2016 period that followed the election, and rose nearly 9% Wednesday. It pays a 3.2% dividend yield and has 4% upside to the average price target. Citizens' stock has gained a whopping 42% so far this year, while Fifth Third shares have moved 37% higher. Large financial firms should also benefit. Citigroup rallied 8% the day after the election and added 19% in the 2016 time period. The big bank has a 3.3% dividend yield and 11% upside to the average price target, per FactSet. C YTD mountain Citigroup year to date Citi was upgraded Friday to buy from neutral by Bank of America, which cited its attractive valuation compared with its peers and a lighter regulatory environment under Trump. Analyst Keith Horowitz also raised his price target on the stock to $54 from $46, suggesting nearly 20% upside from Friday's close. Shares hit a 52-week high on Monday and are up 36% year to date. Among the energy names that made the list are Marathon Petroleum and Halliburton . The former has a 2.4% dividend yield and 13% upside to the average price target. It added nearly 4% the day after the election and gained 18% from Election Day 2016 through the end of that year. Marathon Petroleum's stock has gained nearly 5% so far this year. Halliburton, which yields 2.3%, has the largest potential upside ahead — nearly 32% to the average price target. The company's shares rose about 7% on Wednesday and added 14% during the 2016 time period. Halliburton reported an earnings and revenue miss last week, which the company said was due to a cyberattack in August and storms in the Gulf of Mexico. "Our full year expectations for free cash flow and cash return to shareholders remain unchanged, and we expect both to accelerate in Q4," President and CEO Jeff Miller said in a statement. Shares are down more than 16% year to date.

### DATE: 
2024-11-11

### Summary: 
In addition, analysts had to predict further gains ahead — the stocks have at least 1% upside to the average price target, according to FactSet.
Bank of America is among those on Wall Street that think the banks' move since Election Day has not been excessive.
Citizens gained 30% from Election Day 2016 through the end of that year and jumped 14% on Wednesday.
It added nearly 4% the day after the election and gained 18% from Election Day 2016 through the end of that year.
Halliburton, which yields 2.3%, has the largest potential upside ahead — nearly 32% to the average price target.

### Keywords: 
trades
policies
wait
income
trump
target
day
price
fruition
average
upside
yield
banks
2016
come
election

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 157


### TITLE: 
Nvidia is the world's most valuable company (again). What's next for the AI chip king?

### TEXT: 
Nvidia recaptured the most-valuable-company crown from Apple on Election Day and hasn't looked back since then. The big question is what's next for the AI chip powerhouse as Wall Street analysts and shareholders alike look ahead to Donald Trump's return to the White House in less than 70 days. One thing that's widely understood is the artificial intelligence revolution is still in its infancy, and Nvidia is the go-to company for what's needed to run AI workloads. While heightened tensions with China during a second Trump administration could cause complications for Nvidia — and Apple, for that matter -- we think the president-elect recognizes the importance of American companies leading the AI race and will craft policy accordingly. Wall Street still loves where Nvidia stands in that race, with multiple analysts on Monday raising their price targets on the stock ahead of the company's earnings report on Nov. 20. Melius Research went to $185 per share from $165; Piper Sandler went to $175 from $140 and named the stock its top large-cap pick; and Morgan Stanley went to $160 from $150 while reiterating its top-pick status. All three research firms maintained buy-equivalent ratings. The notes from Piper Sandler and Morgan Stanley focused quite a bit on supply constraints for Nvidia's next-generation Blackwell AI chips stretching well into next year, without explicitly touching on the changeover in the White House. Melius' wide-ranging bullish note did briefly touch on Trump, saying his upcoming administration's expected merger-friendly stance could give Nvidia runway to make some smaller acquisitions to round out its offerings. NVDA AAPL YTD mountain Nvidia's year-to-date stock performance versus Apple. While Nvidia has certainly had an incredible run since the late 2022 release of OpenAI's ChatGPT, which kicked off the greatest data center spending spree in history, all three analysts believe we're still only in the early stages. Given the capital expenditure intentions offered by the megacap tech companies in the past few weeks, we certainly agree. Highlights from their most recent earnings conference calls tell the story. Alphabet : "With respect to CapEx, our reported CapEx in the third quarter was $13 billion, reflecting investment in our technical infrastructure with the largest component being investment in servers followed by data centers and networking equipment. Looking ahead, we expect quarterly CapEx in the fourth quarter to be at similar levels to Q3," said CFO Anat Ashkenazi on the Google parent's third-quarter earnings call. "As we think into 2025, we do see an increase coming in 2025," she added later. "And we will provide more color on that on the Q4 call, likely not the same percent step-up that we saw between 2023 and 2024, but additional increase." Meta Platforms : "We anticipate our full-year 2024 capital expenditures will be in the range of $38 billion to $40 billion, updated from our prior range of $37 billion to $40 billion. We continue to expect significant capital expenditure growth in 2025," CFO Susan Li said on its Q3 call. Amazon : "We expect to spend about $75 billion [in CapEx] in 2024. I suspect we'll spend more than that in 2025," CEO Andy Jassy said last month. "And the majority of it is for AWS and, specifically, the increased bumps here are really driven by generative AI." Microsoft : "We expect capital expenditures to increase on a sequential basis, given our cloud and AI demand signals," CFO Amy Hood said. "As long as we continue to see that demand grow … the growth in CapEx will slow and the revenue growth will increase," Hood later added. The growth rate might slow, but the implication is still that it will grow. These CapEx comments serve to support the analysts' bullishness on Nvidia's stock from here. As adoption of the new technology grows, so too will spending on AI chips, sometimes known as AI accelerators. The best of those chips are made by Nvidia. In fact, the analysts at Piper Sandler estimate that the total addressable market for accelerators will increase by about $70 billion in 2025, with the bulk of that increase going to Nvidia. Analysts pointed to Big Tech's recent earnings call commentary to support their view. "All else equal, we see at least sustained levels of capex through 2025, if not accelerated with a shift towards chips [and] servers," while spending on buildings and other fixed property declines, Piper analysts wrote. "We think this clearly benefits NVDA in the near to mid-term future," which led them to revise higher their financial estimates for the company's coming quarters. Pricing also stands to remain favorable for Nvidia, thanks to projected supply crunches for its next-gen Blackwell chips and even some lines of its current Hopper generation, according to Morgan Stanley analysts. In the immediate term, Nvidia's gross margins may feel a little pressure due to the Blackwell manufacturing ramp-up. However, Wall Street now understands this and is modeling for it accordingly , so we're not too concerned about that weighing on the stock. Analysts at Melius Research, the most bullish of these three firms, went as far as comparing Nvidia to Apple in the wake of the first two versions of the iPhone released in 2007 and 2008, respectively. "So, while it sounds strange, giving up on Nvidia here after its hit – Hopper – is like giving up on Apple at iPhone 1 or [iPhone 3G]," Melius wrote. To be sure, analysts cautioned that evidence of "insane" Blackwell demand – to use the language of CEO Jensen Huang – will not be fully captured in Nvidia's upcoming earnings report, given the transition between product generations. For that reason, much of the focus when Nvidia reports will be on management's guidance and demand commentary, as has been the case in recent quarters. Bottom line Put it all together, and clearly nobody denies that demand for Nvidia's chips remains insatiable. The question for investors then: Is that already priced into the stock, or is the current valuation supportive of further upside in 2025? Put another way, can the world's most valuable company, at nearly $3.6 trillion, get even more valuable? On current numbers, Nvidia is trading at about 37x calendar year 2025 earnings estimates. That's not exactly cheap, but it is less than Nvidia's five-year historical valuation of 40.5 times forward earnings estimates, according to FactSet. And, crucially, that may well prove conservative if management offers better-than-expected guidance next week. Ultimately, the valuation is more than reasonable if, like us, you're taking a longer-term view on Nvidia and the overall buildout of generative AI infrastructure. It may not happen in a straight line, but it is needed and should lead to robust demand for Nvidia's products for years to come as adoption of AI grows among consumers, companies and even countries. Of course, things could also get a little bit choppy if the so-called chip war with Beijing ramps up under another Trump presidency (remember, we saw the Biden administration twice crackdown on semiconductor exports to China in recent years). Even still, we agree with the Melius view that this is only the early days of AI. While Trump may look to hold back China in many ways, our expectation is that those policies will not stand in the way of U.S. companies advancing their leadership in AI technology and developing fresh cutting-edge applications. Doing so will mean more demand for Nvidia's full suite of products and, by extension, more gains for its stock. The best way to capture the most upside is our "own it, don't trade it" mantra. (Jim Cramer's Charitable Trust is long NVDA, AAPL, AMZN, GOOGL, MSFT and META. See here for a full list of the stocks.) As a subscriber to the CNBC Investing Club with Jim Cramer, you will receive a trade alert before Jim makes a trade. Jim waits 45 minutes after sending a trade alert before buying or selling a stock in his charitable trust's portfolio. If Jim has talked about a stock on CNBC TV, he waits 72 hours after issuing the trade alert before executing the trade. THE ABOVE INVESTING CLUB INFORMATION IS SUBJECT TO OUR TERMS AND CONDITIONS AND PRIVACY POLICY , TOGETHER WITH OUR DISCLAIMER . NO FIDUCIARY OBLIGATION OR DUTY EXISTS, OR IS CREATED, BY VIRTUE OF YOUR RECEIPT OF ANY INFORMATION PROVIDED IN CONNECTION WITH THE INVESTING CLUB. NO SPECIFIC OUTCOME OR PROFIT IS GUARANTEED.

Visitors check out Nvidia's AI technology at the 2024 Apsara Conference in Hangzhou, China, on September 19, 2024. Costfoto | Nurphoto | Getty Images

### DATE: 
2024-11-11

### Summary: 
One thing that's widely understood is the artificial intelligence revolution is still in its infancy, and Nvidia is the go-to company for what's needed to run AI workloads.
Microsoft : "We expect capital expenditures to increase on a sequential basis, given our cloud and AI demand signals," CFO Amy Hood said.
Put another way, can the world's most valuable company, at nearly $3.6 trillion, get even more valuable?
On current numbers, Nvidia is trading at about 37x calendar year 2025 earnings estimates.
Visitors check out Nvidia's AI technology at the 2024 Apsara Conference in Hangzhou, China, on September 19, 2024.

### Keywords: 
nvidia
earnings
worlds
valuable
company
2025
nvidias
analysts
chip
billion
stock
capex
demand
king
ai
whats

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 158


### TITLE: 
4 red flags to look out for when choosing a financial advisor—and one green flag

### TEXT: 
If you're stressed out about finances, it never hurts to get advice from a qualified professional. But with so many financial advisors and planners to choose from, it can be difficult to figure out how to pick the best one to help you manage your money. If you're unsure where to begin, understanding a few common red flags to steer clear of can help you narrow down your choices. Here are four red flags to look for when choosing a financial professional, plus one green flag that an advisor could be a good fit, according to certified financial planners and advisors from across the U.S.

Red flag No. 1: The financial advisor does most of the talking

If a potential financial planner is doing most of the talking without letting you get a word in edgewise, it's a bad sign. This could take a number of forms, from boasting about how great they are and how much money they can make for you to offering you one-size-fits-all solutions. Instead, look for a financial planner who actively listens to understand you, your needs and what you want to achieve, says Carla Adams, a Michigan-based CFP and founder of Ametrine Wealth. "If your planner doesn't seem open to hearing about you and what you want, then they're likely not going to be able to help you achieve your unique goals," says Adams. This begins from day one. Listening well and asking thoughtful open-ended questions are two ways you can discern if the professional you're speaking with is prioritizing you and your needs.

Red flag No. 2: They aren't transparent about how they get paid

It's crucial for a financial advisor to clearly communicate their payment fee structure to you, says Adams. "If the fees are not clear or allegedly non-existent, then the planner is likely going to be pitching you products that pay him or her a commission," she says. It is a financial advisor's responsibility to provide clarity on how much you will be paying and be transparent about when they are receiving a commission on a product they sell you. "If someone is offering to do financial planning without charging a fee, that's a red flag," says Sean Williams, a CFP at Cadence Wealth Partners in North Carolina. "They have to get compensated at some point and it is likely for the sale of products." Those products, such as mutual fund shares or insurance plans, might earn the advisor a commission, but may not necessarily be a good fit for you or your financial goals.

Red flag No. 3: They aren't transparent about their background and credentials

Before moving forward with a financial advisor, conduct a quick background check on them. The Financial Industry Regulatory Authority provides a free search tool called BrokerCheck, which allows you to search through a database of brokers, firms and advisors. By using BrokerCheck, you can find a financial advisor's job history and licenses obtained, and learn whether they've had any regulatory issues in the past. These are referred to as "disclosure events." Financial advisors who are also registered as investment advisors will have a public disclosure record with the SEC as well. While "disclosure events" are not necessarily deal breakers on their own, it's important to review them so you can make an informed decision as to whether or not you'd like to work with the advisor or company altogether. In addition, you will also want to make sure that your financial advisor is certified in the way they claim. Different acronyms that appear after a professional's name require various certification exams. Certified financial planners and chartered financial analysts are generally considered industry gold standards, but you will want to confirm their registration with the regulating authorities who govern these accreditations.

Red flag No. 4: You don't trust them

One red flag can't be found on a list or spreadsheet: lack of trust. If you don't trust a potential advisor or have a gut feeling that they aren't right for you, it's OK to move on. If you aren't sure, reflect on your interactions so far. Are they forthcoming with information? Can they explain complex financial concepts to you in plain English? "You should walk away from meetings with your advisors feeling informed and confident, not intimidated or bewildered," says Marisa Rothstein, a CFP at Siena Private Wealth in Avon, Connecticut. If an advisor speaks in endless jargon or refuses to clarify or explain concepts to you, they may be intentionally trying to create a sense of dependency and confusion within you, Rothstein says. "A great financial advisor won't just tell you what to do," says Ashton Lawrence, a CFP at Mariner Wealth Advisors in South Carolina. "They'll walk you through the 'why' behind it, providing the details of the implications, and equipping you to make informed choices."

Green flag: They ask for your tax returns

### DATE: 
2024-11-11

### Summary: 
Here are four red flags to look for when choosing a financial professional, plus one green flag that an advisor could be a good fit, according to certified financial planners and advisors from across the U.S.Red flag No.
1: The financial advisor does most of the talkingIf a potential financial planner is doing most of the talking without letting you get a word in edgewise, it's a bad sign.
Financial advisors who are also registered as investment advisors will have a public disclosure record with the SEC as well.
In addition, you will also want to make sure that your financial advisor is certified in the way they claim.
4: You don't trust themOne red flag can't be found on a list or spreadsheet: lack of trust.

### Keywords: 
advisors
wealth
flag
flags
advisorand
financial
planner
youre
cfp
choosing
look
red
advisor
arent
green

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 159


### TITLE: 
How President-elect Trump can influence the U.S. economy

### TEXT: 
When President-elect Donald Trump returns to the White House in 2025, he will assume a key position within the U.S. economy.



On the campaign trail, the former President promised to eliminate regulations that hold back key U.S. industries and extend tax cuts that expire after 2025. He also proposed raising tariffs that affect prices of foreign goods imported to the U.S.



"Other countries are going to finally, after 75 years, pay us back for all that we've done for the world," the former President said at the September presidential debate.

The goal of the tariffs is to generate revenue and bring industrial jobs back to the country. The side effect could be higher retail prices for many U.S. consumers.



"Ironically, this would not promote a revitalization of the industrial sector," said Marcus Noland, executive vice president and director of studies at the Peterson Institute for International Economics.



The President-elect has also promised to embark on a large deportation operation when he enters office.



Analysts believe Trump's fiscal ideas could influence the trajectory of employment, inflation, and more in the U.S. -- particularly if the Republican party wins both chambers of Congress.



Watch the video above to see how the U.S. economy may change under President-elect Trump.









### DATE: 
2024-11-11

### Summary: 
When President-elect Donald Trump returns to the White House in 2025, he will assume a key position within the U.S. economy.
On the campaign trail, the former President promised to eliminate regulations that hold back key U.S. industries and extend tax cuts that expire after 2025.
The President-elect has also promised to embark on a large deportation operation when he enters office.
Analysts believe Trump's fiscal ideas could influence the trajectory of employment, inflation, and more in the U.S. -- particularly if the Republican party wins both chambers of Congress.
Watch the video above to see how the U.S. economy may change under President-elect Trump.

### Keywords: 
key
prices
industrial
influence
trump
2025
presidentelect
economy
promised
tariffs
president
world

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 160


### TITLE: 
Big retirement rule changes are coming in 2025 — here's how you can save more money

### TEXT: 
Baona | E+ | Getty Images

Starting in 2025, investors age 60 to 63 can make catch-up contributions of up to $11,250 on top of the $23,500 deferral limit. Combined, these workers can defer a total of $34,750 for 2025, which is about 14% higher than 2024. "This can be a great way for people to boost their retirement savings," certified financial planner Jamie Bosse, senior advisor at CGN Advisors in Manhattan, Kansas, previously told CNBC.

This can be a great way for people to boost their retirement savings. Jamie Bosse Senior advisor at CGN Advisors

Roughly 4 in 10 American workers are behind in retirement planning and savings, primarily due to debt, insufficient income and getting a late start, according to a CNBC survey, which polled roughly 6,700 adults in early August. For 2025, the "defined contribution" limit for 401(k) plans, which includes employee deferrals, company matches, profit-sharing and other deposits, will increase to $70,000, up from $69,000 in 2024, according to the IRS.

How much older workers save for retirement

The 401(k) catch-up contribution change is "very good" for older workers who want to save more for retirement, said Dave Stinnett, Vanguard's head of strategic retirement consulting. Some 35% of baby boomers feel "significantly behind" in retirement savings, according to a Bankrate survey that polled roughly 2,450 U.S. adults in August. "But not everyone age 50 or older is maxing out [401(k) plans] already," Stinnett said. Only 14% of employees deferred the maximum amount into 401(k) plans in 2023, according to Vanguard's 2024 How America Saves report, based on data from 1,500 qualified plans and nearly 5 million participants. The same report found an estimated 15% of workers made catch-up contributions in 2023. Deferral rates for 401(k) plans typically increase with income and age, Vanguard found. Participants under age 25 saved an average of 5.4% of earnings, while workers ages 55 to 64 deferred 8.9%.

### DATE: 
2024-11-11

### Summary: 
"This can be a great way for people to boost their retirement savings," certified financial planner Jamie Bosse, senior advisor at CGN Advisors in Manhattan, Kansas, previously told CNBC.
This can be a great way for people to boost their retirement savings.
How much older workers save for retirementThe 401(k) catch-up contribution change is "very good" for older workers who want to save more for retirement, said Dave Stinnett, Vanguard's head of strategic retirement consulting.
Some 35% of baby boomers feel "significantly behind" in retirement savings, according to a Bankrate survey that polled roughly 2,450 U.S. adults in August.
Deferral rates for 401(k) plans typically increase with income and age, Vanguard found.

### Keywords: 
coming
save
retirement
age
older
according
rule
2025
changes
catchup
401k
savings
plans
big
workers
money
heres

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 161


### TITLE: 
Oppenheimer raises S&P 500 2024 forecast to highest on Street on removal of election uncertainty

### TEXT: 
Oppenheimer sees more upside ahead for the S & P 500 now that the presidential election is over. The firm lifted its price target on the broad index to 6,200 from 5,900, reflecting 3.5% upside from Friday's close. The index has rallied about 26% year to date, with the target reflecting the third adjustment from the firm. The target also reflects the highest on Wall Street, per CNBC Pro's Market Strategist survey. "Economic fundamentals, earnings and revenue growth, the resilience of the consumer, along with Fed Monetary policy collectively also suggest to us that further upside in large cap stocks remains likely through year-end even as the current rally in equities appears likely to further broaden boosting the performance of mid cap and small cap stocks," wrote chief investment strategist John Stoltzfus. .SPX YTD mountain S & P 500's year-to-date performance According to Stoltzfus, the election helped rid the market of lingering uncertainties and ushered in a "sigh of relief rally." The S & P 500 surged more than 4% last week, marking its biggest weekly advance in over a year. The benchmark also hit a record above 6,000. Those gains came as President-elect Donald Trump's electoral victory stoked hope for deregulation and lower taxes. However, he cautioned investors from getting too overexuberant and encouraged "practicing patience" on how the election will affect markets. "We favor broad diversification tuned more to cyclical and secular trends that remain in place for now rather than 'betting' on the shape of things to come as a direct result of the elections that just took place," he said. Oppenheimer retained its earnings estimates for the year, noting that the S & P 500 companies reporting so far have signaled "robust" quarters. He also noted that eight sectors have shown positive earnings growth this year, with five in the double-digit range.

### DATE: 
2024-11-11

### Summary: 
Oppenheimer sees more upside ahead for the S & P 500 now that the presidential election is over.
The firm lifted its price target on the broad index to 6,200 from 5,900, reflecting 3.5% upside from Friday's close.
.SPX YTD mountain S & P 500's year-to-date performance According to Stoltzfus, the election helped rid the market of lingering uncertainties and ushered in a "sigh of relief rally."
The S & P 500 surged more than 4% last week, marking its biggest weekly advance in over a year.
Oppenheimer retained its earnings estimates for the year, noting that the S & P 500 companies reporting so far have signaled "robust" quarters.

### Keywords: 
forecast
earnings
s
oppenheimer
election
500
target
street
upside
highest
p
cap
strategist
uncertainty
raises
removal
stoltzfus
sp

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 162


### TITLE: 
Mattel pulls thousands of 'Wicked' dolls off shelves after printing adult web address on packaging

### TEXT: 
Thousands of Mattel's "Wicked"-branded fashion dolls are flying off shelves, but not because of consumer demand.

The toy company has been forced to pull its line of character dolls after a package misprint. Instead of listing the website for Universal's "Wicked" movie, boxes featured a link to a pornographic website for a group called Wicked Pictures.

"Mattel was made aware of a misprint on the packaging of the Mattel Wicked collection dolls, primarily sold in the U.S., which intended to direct consumers to the official WickedMovie.com landing page," Mattel said in a statement. "We deeply regret this unfortunate error and are taking immediate action to remedy this. Parents are advised that the misprinted, incorrect website is not appropriate for children. Consumers who already have the product are advised to discard the product packaging or obscure the link and may contact Mattel Customer Service for further information."

Target , Walmart and Amazon had removed the line of "Wicked" dolls from their online storefronts as of midday Monday, as had Best Buy , Barnes & Noble and Macy's . The products were also being sold at Kohl's and DSW, among other retailers. Some sites were still taking action on the listings throughout the day Monday.

It is unclear if Mattel will reprint the packages or provide retailers with stickers to cover the incorrect website domain. Mattel did not respond to CNBC's request for additional comment after providing its initial statement.

"Like any business, mistakes can and do happen in the toy business," said James Zahn, editor in chief of The Toy Book. "This was likely an innocent oversight that made it through the normal processes. Most consumers — kids and adults alike — will never read the fine print on a package, and at the end of the day, the packaging is designed to end up in the trash. The odds of a kid reading the back of a doll box and being inclined to go online and visit the website are pretty slim."

The mishap comes as Universal floods retail shelves with "Wicked"-related products ahead of the film's Nov. 22 release. The green-and-pink barrage is expected to bring a big boost to the retail industry just in time for the crucial holiday period.

However, Mattel could see its revenue affected by the cost of removing the dolls.

"I suppose the impact depends on the resolution, which we don't yet know," said Jaime Katz, an analyst at Morningstar.

"The big winners in the short term are resellers, as this snafu sparked a flipper frenzy this weekend as retail shelves were quickly emptied by opportunists looking to make a quick buck by selling on eBay or Facebook Marketplace," Zahn noted.

Already dozens of Mattel's dolls in the misprinted packages are available on eBay for list prices ranging between $40 and $2,100. The dolls retailed for between $20 and $40 depending on the character and outfit.

Disclosure: Comcast is the parent company of NBCUniversal and CNBC. NBCUniversal is the distributor of "Wicked."

### DATE: 
2024-11-11

### Summary: 
Thousands of Mattel's "Wicked"-branded fashion dolls are flying off shelves, but not because of consumer demand.
Instead of listing the website for Universal's "Wicked" movie, boxes featured a link to a pornographic website for a group called Wicked Pictures.
"Mattel was made aware of a misprint on the packaging of the Mattel Wicked collection dolls, primarily sold in the U.S., which intended to direct consumers to the official WickedMovie.com landing page," Mattel said in a statement.
Target , Walmart and Amazon had removed the line of "Wicked" dolls from their online storefronts as of midday Monday, as had Best Buy , Barnes & Noble and Macy's .
The mishap comes as Universal floods retail shelves with "Wicked"-related products ahead of the film's Nov. 22 release.

### Keywords: 
retail
thousands
web
website
zahn
pulls
printing
wicked
shelves
toy
consumers
packaging
adult
dolls
mattel

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 163


### TITLE: 
American interest in moving abroad skyrockets after Trump's win — here's how many would actually leave

### TEXT: 
Americans disappointed with the outcome of the U.S. election took their anguish online, with searches related to moving abroad surging following the results of the presidential race.

Google Trends showed that searches related to "leaving the country" and "how to move to …" spiked following the news that Donald Trump would be returning to the White House.

Searches for "how to move to Canada" peaked on Nov. 6, with Google Trends showing interest in the phrase highest among Democratic strongholds, like Vermont, Maine, Oregon and Washington.

Those searching for "can I move to another country" were highest in two pivotal "blue wall" swing states — Wisconsin and Pennsylvania, which NBC News has called for Trump — as well as Oregon, Minnesota and Indiana.

A survey conducted earlier this month found that 21% of Americans said they would consider moving abroad if their preferred candidate lost the race.

However, the sentiment seemed to be founded more on frustration, rather than actual intention, according to the survey conducted by Casino.org, which provides news, information and research to gamers.

Among those polled, nearly 60% said they would be "very unlikely" to move, while only 2.6% said they were "very likely" to uproot and leave.

### DATE: 
2024-11-08

### Summary: 
Americans disappointed with the outcome of the U.S. election took their anguish online, with searches related to moving abroad surging following the results of the presidential race.
Google Trends showed that searches related to "leaving the country" and "how to move to …" spiked following the news that Donald Trump would be returning to the White House.
Searches for "how to move to Canada" peaked on Nov. 6, with Google Trends showing interest in the phrase highest among Democratic strongholds, like Vermont, Maine, Oregon and Washington.
A survey conducted earlier this month found that 21% of Americans said they would consider moving abroad if their preferred candidate lost the race.
Among those polled, nearly 60% said they would be "very unlikely" to move, while only 2.6% said they were "very likely" to uproot and leave.

### Keywords: 
trends
american
win
trump
abroad
actually
searches
moving
country
leave
following
heres
trumps
interest
related
survey
highest
oregon
skyrockets

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 164


### TITLE: 
Trump tariff threat looms large on several Asian countries — not just China — says Goldman Sachs

### TEXT: 
President Donald Trump meets business leaders at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing, China, in November, 2017.

Donald Trump's victory in the U.S. elections has raised the specter of higher tariffs on China — but it may not be the only Asian country that faces this predicament, according to Goldman Sachs.

While the U.S. bilateral trade deficit with China has decreased somewhat since the Trump administration, deficits with other Asian exporters have risen significantly and may come under increased scrutiny, Andrew Tilton, Goldman's chief Asia-Pacific economist, said in a recent note.

"With Trump and some likely appointees focused on reducing bilateral deficits, there is a risk that — in a sort of 'whack-a-mole' manner--burgeoning bilateral deficits could eventually prompt U.S. tariffs on other Asian economies," he said.

A tariff is a tax on imported goods, but it isn't paid by the exporting country. So U.S. tariffs will be paid by companies looking to import products into the country, raising their costs.

"Korea, Taiwan, and especially Vietnam have seen large trade gains versus the U.S.," Tilton observed, adding that Korea's and Taiwan's positions are reflective of their "privileged positions" in the semiconductor supply chain, while Vietnam has benefited from the redirection of trade from China.

In 2023, South Korea's trade surplus with the United States reportedly reached a record $44.4 billion, the largest surplus with any country, with car exports making up almost 30% of all shipments to the U.S.

Taiwan's exports to the United States in the first quarter of 2024 hit a record high of $24.6 billion, increasing 57.9% compared with the same period last year, with the largest export growth stemming from information technology and audiovisual products.

Meanwhile, Vietnam's trade surplus with the U.S between January and September stands at $90 billion.

India and Japan also run trade surpluses with the U.S., with Japan's surplus remaining relatively stable and India's increasing moderately in recent years, said Goldman Sachs.

Going forward, these Asian trading partners might try to lower these surpluses and "deflect attention" via various means, such as shifting imports toward the U.S. where possible, Tilton expects.

"Trade policy is where Mr Trump is likely to be most consequential for Emerging Asia in his second term as U.S. president," Barclays Bank analysts wrote in a note dated Friday.

Trump's proposed tariffs are most likely to inflict "greater pain" on more open economies in the region, with Taiwan more exposed to that threat than Korea or Singapore, the bank's economists led by Brian Tan wrote.

"We see Thailand and Malaysia in the middle, with Thailand estimated to take a slightly larger hit," the note added.

U.S. data shows that the U.S. trade deficit with China narrowed to $279.11 billion in 2023, from $346.83 billion in 2016.

Although U.S. trade with China dwindled following the implementation of tariffs in the first Trump administration, trade volumes were channeled to third countries instead such as Vietnam, Mexico, Indonesia and Taiwan instead, Mari Pangestu, former minister of trade in Indonesia, said last Thursday.

"But if you look at the supply chain, actually most of the components are still coming from China. We call it lengthening the supply chain. So in Trump 2.0, two things will happen. He will start noticing that [trade] is still going to China," she said during the FT Commodities Asia Summit held in Singapore following the announcement of Trump's victory.

"This is going to increase protection. Not just towards China, but to countries that have bilateral deficits with the U.S.," Pangestu said.

Regardless of tariffs, Goldman still expects continued pressure for the relocation of certain supply chains from China to Southeast Asia, India or Mexico in particular.

U.S. President-elect Trump has announced his intention to impose a blanket tariff ranging from 10% to 20% on all imports, along with additional tariffs of 60% to 100% on products imported from China. Goldman expects the U.S. to impose additional tariffs averaging 20% on Chinese products in the first half of 2025.

### DATE: 
2024-11-11

### Summary: 
President Donald Trump meets business leaders at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing, China, in November, 2017.
Meanwhile, Vietnam's trade surplus with the U.S between January and September stands at $90 billion.
U.S. data shows that the U.S. trade deficit with China narrowed to $279.11 billion in 2023, from $346.83 billion in 2016.
Regardless of tariffs, Goldman still expects continued pressure for the relocation of certain supply chains from China to Southeast Asia, India or Mexico in particular.
Goldman expects the U.S. to impose additional tariffs averaging 20% on Chinese products in the first half of 2025.

### Keywords: 
trade
supply
countries
asian
tariff
large
sachs
goldman
trump
billion
threat
country
deficits
surplus
looms
tariffs
china

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 165


### TITLE: 
Trump expected to choose Sen. Marco Rubio for secretary of state

### TEXT: 
Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) speaks on Day 2 of the Republican National Convention (RNC), at the Fiserv Forum in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, U.S., July 16, 2024.

President-elect Donald Trump is expected to name Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida as secretary of state for his administration in the coming days, according to three sources familiar with the selection process.

Trump could still change his mind, the sources cautioned, noting that the decision wouldn't be finalized until the president-elect makes a formal announcement.

The New York Times first reported Trump's plans to name Rubio as the nation's top diplomat.

Trump had previously considered Rubio as a running mate before ultimately choosing Sen. JD Vance, R-Ohio.

Trump has made a series of other staffing announcements in recent days. On Monday, he announced plans to nominate former Rep. Lee Zeldin, R-N.Y., as the Environmental Protection Agency's top administrator and to appoint Rep. Mike Waltz, R-Fla., as his national security adviser.

Last week, he said Susie Wiles, his campaign manager, would be White House chief of staff. On Sunday, he named immigration hard-liner Tom Homan as his "border czar."

### DATE: 
2024-11-12

### Summary: 
Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) speaks on Day 2 of the Republican National Convention (RNC), at the Fiserv Forum in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, U.S., July 16, 2024.
President-elect Donald Trump is expected to name Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida as secretary of state for his administration in the coming days, according to three sources familiar with the selection process.
Trump could still change his mind, the sources cautioned, noting that the decision wouldn't be finalized until the president-elect makes a formal announcement.
The New York Times first reported Trump's plans to name Rubio as the nation's top diplomat.
Trump had previously considered Rubio as a running mate before ultimately choosing Sen. JD Vance, R-Ohio.

### Keywords: 
rubio
expected
secretary
sources
zeldin
trump
national
sen
choose
rep
marco
plans
state
york
days

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 166


### TITLE: 
Tesla shares pop 9% as postelection rally continues

### TEXT: 
Tesla shares closed up nearly 9% on Monday, continuing to ride a postelection rally as President-elect Donald Trump, closely allied with CEO Elon Musk, begins to set up his presidential cabinet.

Analysts at Wedbush reiterated their outperform rating on the stock, joining earlier sunny outlooks reacting to Tuesday's results. Tesla recently reclaimed its $1 trillion market cap after surging nearly 30% last week.

"We are raising our price target on Tesla to $400 from $300 as we believe the Trump White House win will be a gamechanger for the autonomous and AI story for Tesla and Musk over the coming years," the Wedbush analysts wrote.

Musk's wealth rocketed past $300 billion in the days since Trump's decisive electoral win, further cementing his place as the richest man in the world and joining the wave of gains across the technology and crypto sector since postelection trading began.

It is unclear whether Musk, who spent at least $130 million on Trump's campaign, will receive an official title in the second Trump White House or if he will influence policy decisions from his inner circle.

Either way, Musk stands to earn potentially billions from new government contracts with his companies, on top of the $19 billion SpaceX has already been awarded. Some or all of the 19 known ongoing federal lawsuits and investigations into his companies may begin to wind down entirely.

"It is difficult to judge how Elon Musk's increasingly close public relationship with President Trump could benefit Tesla, but this needs to be monitored closely," analysts from Bank of America wrote in a note last week, raising their Tesla price target from $265 to $350.

Trump has said previously he may cut the federal $7,500 electric vehicle tax credit, and those credits have historically helped drive sales of Tesla vehicles.

At one of his final campaign rallies, Trump suggested Musk could be put in charge of "government efficiency," and he was present on Trump's phone call with Ukrainian president Volodymyr Zelenskyy two days ago.

— CNBC's Michael Bloom, Annie Palmer and Lora Kolodny contributed reporting.

### DATE: 
2024-11-11

### Summary: 
Tesla shares closed up nearly 9% on Monday, continuing to ride a postelection rally as President-elect Donald Trump, closely allied with CEO Elon Musk, begins to set up his presidential cabinet.
Analysts at Wedbush reiterated their outperform rating on the stock, joining earlier sunny outlooks reacting to Tuesday's results.
Tesla recently reclaimed its $1 trillion market cap after surging nearly 30% last week.
Some or all of the 19 known ongoing federal lawsuits and investigations into his companies may begin to wind down entirely.
Trump has said previously he may cut the federal $7,500 electric vehicle tax credit, and those credits have historically helped drive sales of Tesla vehicles.

### Keywords: 
pop
rally
trumps
win
postelection
trump
target
raising
price
musk
white
continues
wedbush
tesla
shares

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 167


### TITLE: 
Trump picks Rep. Mike Waltz to serve as his national security adviser

### TEXT: 
Representative Michael Waltz (R-FL) speaks on Day 3 of the Republican National Convention (RNC), at the Fiserv Forum in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, U.S., July 17, 2024.

President-Elect Donald Trump has picked Rep. Mike Waltz, R-Fla., to serve as his national security adviser, according to four sources familiar with the decision.

Waltz is a Green Beret veteran who served in Afghanistan, the Middle East and Africa. Since 2019, he has represented a congressional district in the House, where he's a member of the Armed Services, Foreign Affairs and Intelligence committees.

The Wall Street Journal first reported Trump's NSA pick.

Waltz's office did not immediately respond to a request for comment.

Waltz is a particularly hawkish member in Congress when it comes to China. He's a member of the House's China Task Force and has argued that the U.S. is underprepared if there is a conflict in the region.

Like many congressional Republicans, Waltz has also been critical of U.S. aid to Ukraine in its war against Russia. In a Nov. 4 interview with NPR, he said the U.S. had "leverage" to get Russian President Vladimir Putin to the negotiating table to negotiate a "diplomatic resolution" to end the war.

The role of White House national security adviser does not require Senate confirmation.

Waltz joins New York Rep. Elise Stefanik as the second House Republican to be tapped by Trump for a post in his new administration. Trump selected Stefanik to serve as U.S. ambassador to the United Nations.

### DATE: 
2024-11-12

### Summary: 
Representative Michael Waltz (R-FL) speaks on Day 3 of the Republican National Convention (RNC), at the Fiserv Forum in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, U.S., July 17, 2024.
President-Elect Donald Trump has picked Rep. Mike Waltz, R-Fla., to serve as his national security adviser, according to four sources familiar with the decision.
The role of White House national security adviser does not require Senate confirmation.
Waltz joins New York Rep. Elise Stefanik as the second House Republican to be tapped by Trump for a post in his new administration.
Trump selected Stefanik to serve as U.S. ambassador to the United Nations.

### Keywords: 
serve
picks
waltz
adviser
member
stefanik
house
republican
trump
mike
rep
national
security

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 168


### TITLE: 
What's behind Salesforce's record highs — plus, a possible stock to buy after this week's earnings

### TEXT: 
Every weekday the CNBC Investing Club with Jim Cramer holds a "Morning Meeting" livestream at 10:20 a.m. ET. Here's a recap of Monday's key moments. 1. The S & P 500 edged higher Monday, extending Friday's postelection all-time highs. The tech-heavy Nasdaq was basically flat. Club chip names Advanced Micro Devices , Broadcom , and Nvidia were lower — so were the rest of our Super Six except for Alphabet . The megacap tech rally pause suggests the market rally is broadening out. Highlights for the week include two key inflation prints — the consumer price index Wednesday and the producer price index Thursday — and retail sales Friday. Club name Home Depot and Disney report earnings on Tuesday morning and Thursday morning, respectively. 2. Salesforce shares jumped to an all-time intraday high Monday after the company announced late Friday plans to hire 1,000 new salespeople for its Agentforce tool. That's a "positive demand signal" for the artificial intelligence platform and a major turnaround from the weakness it saw earlier this year due to a slowdown in demand, said Club portfolio director Jeff Marks. Wall Street firm Jefferies boosted its Salesforce price target to $400 per share from $350, implying 40% updside from Friday's close. The analysts said their industry checks indicate increased interest in larger deals after Salesforce's annual Dreamforce conference in September. This year's event showcased the company's artificial intelligence capabilities. We haven't "heard this sentiment around Salesforce for quite some time," noted Marks. 3. Home Depot's third-quarter results this week are expected to be soft, with same-store sales down year over year. Marks said, however, the Club would be buyers of any post-earning pullback in anticipation of a rebound once mortgage rates cool off. A new housing turnover cycle will likely spark demand for home upgrades playing right into Home Depot's strengths. The stock was up more than 1% Monday, suggesting investors have already priced in the weaker print and were looking ahead to its recovery as the Federal Reserve continues to cut interest rates. (See here for a full list of the stocks in Jim Cramer's Charitable Trust.) As a subscriber to the CNBC Investing Club with Jim Cramer, you will receive a trade alert before Jim makes a trade. Jim waits 45 minutes after sending a trade alert before buying or selling a stock in his charitable trust's portfolio. If Jim has talked about a stock on CNBC TV, he waits 72 hours after issuing the trade alert before executing the trade. THE ABOVE INVESTING CLUB INFORMATION IS SUBJECT TO OUR TERMS AND CONDITIONS AND PRIVACY POLICY , TOGETHER WITH OUR DISCLAIMER . NO FIDUCIARY OBLIGATION OR DUTY EXISTS, OR IS CREATED, BY VIRTUE OF YOUR RECEIPT OF ANY INFORMATION PROVIDED IN CONNECTION WITH THE INVESTING CLUB. NO SPECIFIC OUTCOME OR PROFIT IS GUARANTEED.

Every weekday the CNBC Investing Club with Jim Cramer holds a "Morning Meeting" livestream at 10:20 a.m. ET. Here's a recap of Monday's key moments.

### DATE: 
2024-11-11

### Summary: 
Every weekday the CNBC Investing Club with Jim Cramer holds a "Morning Meeting" livestream at 10:20 a.m.
Wall Street firm Jefferies boosted its Salesforce price target to $400 per share from $350, implying 40% updside from Friday's close.
As a subscriber to the CNBC Investing Club with Jim Cramer, you will receive a trade alert before Jim makes a trade.
THE ABOVE INVESTING CLUB INFORMATION IS SUBJECT TO OUR TERMS AND CONDITIONS AND PRIVACY POLICY , TOGETHER WITH OUR DISCLAIMER .
Every weekday the CNBC Investing Club with Jim Cramer holds a "Morning Meeting" livestream at 10:20 a.m.

### Keywords: 
weeks
marks
trade
earnings
plus
jim
price
whats
highs
club
investing
possible
salesforce
cnbc
record
salesforces
morning
buy
stock

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 169


### TITLE: 
Dow jumps 300 points to close above 44,000 for the first time as Trump enthusiasm continues

### TEXT: 
Trader Jonathan Mueller wears a Trump hat as he works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) at the opening bell on November 6, 2024, in New York City.

The Dow Jones Industrial Average surged more than 300 points on Monday and closed at a record high above 44,000 for the first time, as the benchmark's postelection rally pressed forward.

The 30-stock Dow gained 304 points, or 0.69%, to 44,293.69. Both the S&P 500 and the Nasdaq Composite also closed at fresh records. The S&P 500 added 0.1% to end the day at 6,001.35, while the Nasdaq Composite inched up 0.06% to 19,298.76.

JPMorgan Chase and Goldman Sachs popped 1% and 2.2%, respectively, to lead the Dow higher. Bank of America and Citigroup shares both closed up about 2%. The cohort has posted sharp gains since Donald Trump's election win last week, as investors hope his return to the White House could lead to easier regulation of the banking sector. Elsewhere, meme stock favorite GameStop surged 10%.

Tesla soared more than 9%, also adding to its postelection gain. But it was an exception among large technology stocks, with Apple slipping nearly 2%. Peers Microsoft and Amazon were roughly 1% lower each. Small caps advanced, with the Russell 2000 climbing 1.47%.

Bitcoin surged above $87,000, boosted by hopes of deregulation as well. Crypto related stocks Coinbase and Mara Holdings rallied 20% and 30%, respectively.

"The Republicans' decisive win has ignited 'animal spirits,' despite already lofty expectations," Morgan Stanley Wealth management chief investment officer Lisa Shalett wrote in a Monday note. "Rather than viewing developments as a fundamental shift toward the reflationary, no-landing scenario, we see sentiment and liquidity-driven positioning for what it is, and we are maintaining our balanced stance."

### DATE: 
2024-11-10

### Summary: 
Trader Jonathan Mueller wears a Trump hat as he works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) at the opening bell on November 6, 2024, in New York City.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average surged more than 300 points on Monday and closed at a record high above 44,000 for the first time, as the benchmark's postelection rally pressed forward.
The 30-stock Dow gained 304 points, or 0.69%, to 44,293.69.
The S&P 500 added 0.1% to end the day at 6,001.35, while the Nasdaq Composite inched up 0.06% to 19,298.76.
JPMorgan Chase and Goldman Sachs popped 1% and 2.2%, respectively, to lead the Dow higher.

### Keywords: 
enthusiasm
points
win
close
stocks
44000
postelection
trump
dow
300
surged
stock
continues
closed
york
jumps
sp

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 170


### TITLE: 
Oil giant Shell posts $6 billion profit beat, launches new share buyback program

### TEXT: 
The Shell logo is displayed outside a petrol station in Radstock in Somerset, England, on Feb. 17, 2024.

British oil giant Shell on Thursday posted a small year-on-year drop in third-quarter profit as a sharp decline in crude prices and lower refining margins were partially offset by higher gas sales.

The energy company reported adjusted earnings of $6 billion for the July-September period, beating analyst expectations of $5.3 billion, according to estimates compiled by LSEG.

Shell posted adjusted earnings of $6.3 billion in the second quarter and $6.2 billion in the third quarter of 2023.

Shell said it will buy back a further $3.5 billion of its shares over the next three months, while holding its dividend unchanged at 34 cents per share.

It marks the 12th consecutive quarter that Shell has announced at least $3 billion in buybacks, Sinead Gorman, chief financial officer at Shell, said in a video presentation.

"This quarter we have delivered another strong set of results despite a less favorable macro environment," Gorman said.

"This was driven by solid operational performance across our portfolio, continuing the momentum we've built over recent quarters," she added.

Net debt came in at $35.2 billion at the end of the third quarter, down from $40.5 billion when compared to the same period last year.

Shares of the London-listed firm closed 2.3% lower.

### DATE: 
2024-10-31

### Summary: 
The Shell logo is displayed outside a petrol station in Radstock in Somerset, England, on Feb. 17, 2024.
British oil giant Shell on Thursday posted a small year-on-year drop in third-quarter profit as a sharp decline in crude prices and lower refining margins were partially offset by higher gas sales.
The energy company reported adjusted earnings of $6 billion for the July-September period, beating analyst expectations of $5.3 billion, according to estimates compiled by LSEG.
Shell posted adjusted earnings of $6.3 billion in the second quarter and $6.2 billion in the third quarter of 2023.
It marks the 12th consecutive quarter that Shell has announced at least $3 billion in buybacks, Sinead Gorman, chief financial officer at Shell, said in a video presentation.

### Keywords: 
share
launches
lower
earnings
posted
quarter
yearshares
buyback
program
profit
oil
billion
gorman
period
posts
adjusted
shell
giant

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 171


### TITLE: 
Sigh of relief for UK tech founders as Labour hikes capital gains tax by less than feared

### TEXT: 
On Monday, British tech lobby group Startup Coalition warned in a blog post that there was a risk Reeves' tax plans could result in a tech "brain drain.". (Photo by Oli Scarff/Getty Images)

LONDON — Britain's Labour government on Wednesday announced plans to raise the rate of capital gains tax on share sales, news that offered some relief for technology entrepreneurs who feared a more intense tax raid on the wealthy.

Finance Minister Rachel Reeves on Wednesday hiked capital gains tax (CGT) — a levy on the profit investors make from the sale of an investment — as part of her far-reaching budget announcement. The lower capital gains tax rate will be increased to 18% from 10%, while the higher rate will climb to 24% from 20%, Reeves said. The tax hikes are expected to bring in £2.5 billion.

"We need to drive growth, promote entrepreneurship and support wealth creation, while raising the revenue required to fund our public services and restore our public finances," Reeves said, adding that, even with the higher rate, the U.K. would "still have the lowest capital-gains tax rate of any European G7 economy."

Reeves maintained the £1 million lifetime limit on capital gains from the sale of all or part of a company under business asset disposal relief (BADR), quashing fears from entrepreneurs that the tax relief scheme for entrepreneurs would be scrapped.

However, she added that the rate of CGT applied to entrepreneurs selling all or part of their business under BADR will be increased to 14% in 2025 and 18% a year later. She stressed that this still represented a "significant gap compared to the higher rate of capital gains tax."

In a less welcome move for businesses, Reeves also announced plans to increase the rate of National Insurance (NI) — a tax on earnings — for employers. The current rate is 13.8% on a worker's earnings above £9,100 per year. This is set to rise to 15% on salaries above £5,000 a year.

The changes form only a small part of sweeping fiscal changes the recently-elected Labour government laid out in its debut budget Wednesday in an attempt to close a multibillion-pound funding gap in public finances.

### DATE: 
2024-10-30

### Summary: 
On Monday, British tech lobby group Startup Coalition warned in a blog post that there was a risk Reeves' tax plans could result in a tech "brain drain.".
(Photo by Oli Scarff/Getty Images)LONDON — Britain's Labour government on Wednesday announced plans to raise the rate of capital gains tax on share sales, news that offered some relief for technology entrepreneurs who feared a more intense tax raid on the wealthy.
Finance Minister Rachel Reeves on Wednesday hiked capital gains tax (CGT) — a levy on the profit investors make from the sale of an investment — as part of her far-reaching budget announcement.
The lower capital gains tax rate will be increased to 18% from 10%, while the higher rate will climb to 24% from 20%, Reeves said.
She stressed that this still represented a "significant gap compared to the higher rate of capital gains tax."

### Keywords: 
reeves
feared
founders
labour
gains
public
uk
entrepreneurs
tax
relief
tech
rate
higher
plans
capital
sigh
hikes

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 172


### TITLE: 
UK's Labour government raises taxes by £40 billion in new budget plan

### TEXT: 
Chancellor Rachel Reeves poses with the red box outside number 11 Downing Street on October 30, 2024 in London, England. This is the first Budget presented by the new Labour government and Chancellor of the Exchequer, Rachel Reeves.

LONDON — Nearly four months after taking office, the U.K.'s new Labour government on Wednesday unveiled a debut budget plan that includes £40 billion ($51.8 billion) worth of tax rises to plug a hole in the public finances and allow for investment in public services.

One of the changes that is expected to be among the biggest revenue-raisers for the U.K. Treasury is a hike in the amount employers pay out in National Insurance (NI) — a tax on earnings. British Finance Minister Rachel Reeves also detailed increases to capital gains tax and private school fees, a freeze on fuel duty and the abolition of the controversial "non-dom" tax regime.

A freeze on income tax and National Insurance thresholds for workers — seen as a stealth tax by many — was one of the surprise moves in Wednesday's announcement.

Reeves also outlined a significant rise in borrowing to fund public sector investment, and committed to a higher day-to-day budget for the National Health Service and £5 billion to fund Labour's housing plan, which includes the construction of 1.5 million homes over the course of this parliament.

She repeated her claim that Labour this summer exposed a £22 billion "black hole" in the previous Conservative government's spending plans, which the opposition party has previously refuted. Reeves further announced plans to catalyze £70 billion of investment through the National Wealth Fund, the U.K.'s newly created sovereign wealth fund.

Meanwhile, the independent Office for Budget Responsibility released updated U.K. forecasts saying real GDP growth will pick up from close to zero last year, to 1.1% this year, 2% in 2025, and 1.8% in 2026. That compares with previous forecasts for 0.8% growth in 2024 followed by 1.9% in 2025 and 2% in 2026.

Reeves had faced backlash for not holding the budget closer to Labour's July 4 election win, with critics saying the delay has cast a cloud of uncertainty over the economy and businesses.

### DATE: 
2024-10-30

### Summary: 
Chancellor Rachel Reeves poses with the red box outside number 11 Downing Street on October 30, 2024 in London, England.
This is the first Budget presented by the new Labour government and Chancellor of the Exchequer, Rachel Reeves.
LONDON — Nearly four months after taking office, the U.K.'s new Labour government on Wednesday unveiled a debut budget plan that includes £40 billion ($51.8 billion) worth of tax rises to plug a hole in the public finances and allow for investment in public services.
British Finance Minister Rachel Reeves also detailed increases to capital gains tax and private school fees, a freeze on fuel duty and the abolition of the controversial "non-dom" tax regime.
Reeves further announced plans to catalyze £70 billion of investment through the National Wealth Fund, the U.K.'s newly created sovereign wealth fund.

### Keywords: 
plan
budget
uks
40
reeves
labour
public
tax
billion
rachel
investment
fund
national
raises
taxes

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 173


### TITLE: 
Why ‘sin taxes’ could play a significant role in Britain’s high-stakes budget

### TEXT: 
Britain's Prime Minister Keir Starmer meets with Britain's Chancellor of the Exchequer Rachel Reeves, two days before the announcement on the first budget of the new Labour government, at Downing Street, in London, on October 28, 2024. Hollie Adams | Afp | Getty Images

Britain's Labour government appears poised to raise "sin taxes" in its highly anticipated October budget as it seeks to cash-in on lucrative industries to bolster Treasury revenues. U.K. Finance Minister Rachel Reeves is scheduled to deliver the government's budget on Wednesday afternoon, bringing an end to months of speculation about how hard Labour's measures will hit "working people" and the extent to which the government intends to borrow to support long-term investment. Prime Minister Keir Starmer has warned it's time for the world's sixth-largest economy to "embrace the harsh light of fiscal reality" and run toward "tough decisions" to avoid getting stuck on a downward trajectory. Among a litany of measures, including a major change to the government's fiscal rules, Reeves is reported to be considering a sin tax raid. These levies, which are regularly hiked in government budgets, commonly refer to taxes on harmful goods such as alcohol and cigarettes, as well as the gambling sector.

I think the government might view them as low-hanging fruit in terms of no-one coming to defend them, but you do have to be wary of killing the golden goose at the same time. Michael Field Europe market strategist at Morningstar

Analysts say that while sin taxes will likely play a significant role in the budget by raising billions of pounds in revenue, they alone will not be able to plug what has been described as a "black hole" in the country's public finances. "Sin stocks are a good place to start. One would assume that they have already been taxed into oblivion but there is always the opportunity to rinse them a little bit more," Michael Field, Europe market strategist at Morningstar, told CNBC via video call. "I think the government might view them as low-hanging fruit in terms of no-one coming to defend them, but you do have to be wary of killing the golden goose at the same time — and the ramifications for a black market if indeed the industry becomes not profitable to operate in a law-abiding manner."

What's on the table?

One of the sin industries that may be in Labour's crosshairs is the gambling sector. The Guardian reported on Oct. 11, citing unnamed sources familiar with the discussions, that the Treasury is considering fresh levies that could raise between £900 million ($1.17 billion) and £3 billion. Shares of London-listed gambling stocks fell sharply on the news. Britain's Entain, which owns brands such as Ladbrokes and Coral, closed around 8% lower on Oct. 14, while William Hill-owner Evoke fell over 14%. U.S.-listed Flutter , which owns Betfair and Paddy Power and has a primary listing in London, also tumbled following the report.

A Ladbrokes betting shop, operated by Entain Plc, in London, U.K., on Wednesday, Sept. 22, 2021. Chris J. Ratcliffe | Bloomberg | Getty Images

Separately, the Labour government is said to be contemplating a move to increase the tax on vaping products alongside an increase in tobacco duty. The U.K. government announced last week that it intends to ban the sale of disposable vapes in England from next summer. The Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs said on Thursday that vape usage soared by more than 400% between 2012 and 2023, noting that 9.1% of the British public currently use these products. Asked about the prospect of sin taxes in the budget, a Treasury spokesperson told CNBC: "We do not comment on speculation around tax changes outside of fiscal events."

Bruce Morley, economics and finance lecturer at the U.K.'s University of Bath, said sin industries were likely to be targeted in Wednesday's budget, adding that such a move would probably receive broad public support and, ultimately, raise billions in tax revenue. The gambling sector "could potentially be a prime target," Morley said, while higher taxes on tobacco products, including vaping, would benefit both tax revenues and public health. "At the moment, vaping only receives the standard 20% VAT rate but, unlike tobacco, no individual levy. This could change in the budget, especially following the concerns over the [effects] of vaping on the health of the young," Morley told CNBC via email. "However, the amounts raised by taxing the sin products won't be enough to cover the amounts the government wishes to raise, so other less popular taxes will also have to rise substantially," he added.

What could it mean for stocks?

Asked how a move to target the gambling and tobacco sectors with higher taxes could impact stocks, Morningstar's Field said that some of the negativity had already been priced in to some degree, particularly given the intense speculation of what might feature in Wednesday's budget. For tobacco giants such as Imperial Brands and British American Tobacco , Field said that the price of these stocks appeared to have been "quite beaten up relative to where we think they should be worth, but at the same time, I think the market is still a bit skeptical about the regulatory environment around vapes."

Single-use disposable vapes are displayed for sale on October 27, 2024 in London, England. The UK Government ban on the sale and supply of single-use vapes in England comes into force on 1 June 2025. Alishia Abodunde | Getty Images News | Getty Images

### DATE: 
2024-10-29

### Summary: 
Hollie Adams | Afp | Getty ImagesBritain's Labour government appears poised to raise "sin taxes" in its highly anticipated October budget as it seeks to cash-in on lucrative industries to bolster Treasury revenues.
Among a litany of measures, including a major change to the government's fiscal rules, Reeves is reported to be considering a sin tax raid.
"Sin stocks are a good place to start.
Shares of London-listed gambling stocks fell sharply on the news.
Asked about the prospect of sin taxes in the budget, a Treasury spokesperson told CNBC: "We do not comment on speculation around tax changes outside of fiscal events."

### Keywords: 
budget
play
tobacco
stocks
role
gambling
significant
sin
tax
vaping
britains
uk
think
highstakes
taxes

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 174


### TITLE: 
Pro News and Analysis

### TEXT: 


### DATE: 
2014-10-30

### Summary: 


### Keywords: 
pro
analysis

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 175


### TITLE: 
Malaysia's semiconductor industry will continue seeing momentum for the next 10 years: SkyeChip CEO

### TEXT: 
Share Share Article via Facebook Share Article via Twitter Share Article via LinkedIn Share Article via Email

Malaysia's semiconductor industry will continue seeing momentum for the next 10 years: SkyeChip CEO

SK Fong, founder and CEO of SkyeChip, discusses changes in Malaysia's integrated circuit design landscape and the outlook for the country in the next decade.

### DATE: 
2024-11-11

### Summary: 
Share Share Article via Facebook Share Article via Twitter Share Article via LinkedIn Share Article via EmailMalaysia's semiconductor industry will continue seeing momentum for the next 10 years: SkyeChip CEOSK Fong, founder and CEO of SkyeChip, discusses changes in Malaysia's integrated circuit design landscape and the outlook for the country in the next decade.

### Keywords: 
share
semiconductor
article
industry
malaysias
twitter
continue
skyechip
ceo
linkedin
seeing
outlook
momentum

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 176


### TITLE: 
Mitsubishi Heavy Industries discusses its role in Indonesia's energy transition

### TEXT: 
In this video

Share Share Article via Facebook Share Article via Twitter Share Article via LinkedIn Share Article via Email

Mitsubishi Heavy Industries discusses its role in Indonesia's energy transition

Toru Yoshioka, president of Mitsubishi Heavy Industries in Indonesia, says the Southeast Asian country requires a range of technical solutions, especially since coal dominates in the country.

### DATE: 
2024-11-04

### Summary: 
In this videoShare Share Article via Facebook Share Article via Twitter Share Article via LinkedIn Share Article via EmailMitsubishi Heavy Industries discusses its role in Indonesia's energy transitionToru Yoshioka, president of Mitsubishi Heavy Industries in Indonesia, says the Southeast Asian country requires a range of technical solutions, especially since coal dominates in the country.

### Keywords: 
share
article
heavy
energy
twitter
mitsubishi
role
videoshare
yoshioka
industries
country
indonesias
transition
transitiontoru
technical
discusses

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 177


### TITLE: 
ASEAN continues to emerge as a winner of U.S.-China trade tensions, IMF says

### TEXT: 
ASEAN leaders at the group's summit in Jakarta, Indonesia, on Sept. 5, 2023.

The Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) has continued to emerge as an economic winner of increasing geopolitical tensions between China and the United States, though risks from fragmentation remain, the International Monetary Fund (IMF) says.

According to the U.N. agency, the region has long benefited from decades of globalization, building strong trade links with China and the United States, the world's two largest economies.

Though U.S.-China tensions have been deteriorating in recent years, ASEAN has adapted and continued to integrate with the global economy, the IMF said in its latest Asia-Pacific Outlook report, released Friday.

"Despite geopolitical tensions, ASEAN has continued to strengthen trade and investment links with both China and the U.S.," the report said.

Data from the IMF showed that since 2018, ASEAN economies have increased their market share of both Chinese and U.S. imports, with the superpowers absorbing a greater share of the region's value added.

Foreign direct investment from both countries has also increased in ASEAN.

"[T]he region has even been able to take advantage of trade diversion opportunities caused by US-China trade tensions," the report added.

Former U.S. President Donald Trump kicked off a trade war with China by placing a series of tariffs on thousands of Chinese imports in 2018 and 2019, prompting retaliation from Beijing. The Biden administration has kept most of those tariffs in place and even set additional levies in May.

Empirical analysis shows that several ASEAN economies have seen exports of products targeted by Chinese or U.S. tariffs grow faster than other exports, the IMF said.

It added that ASEAN has seen exports of these tariffed goods increase to countries outside China and the U.S., which suggests it has not only benefited from trade diversion but also realized economies of scale.

Trade between members of the political and economic union has also increased, according to the report.

Overall, the IMF says these trends have contributed to ASEAN increasing its share of inward foreign direct investment, world exports and global value added.

However, the financial agency noted that gains from the China-U.S. tariffs have not translated into stronger overall exports for all ASEAN members.

Whereas some members, like Vietnam, experienced strong export growth relative to the global average since 2018, export growth slowed in others, like Thailand, or stagnated, as in the case of the Philippines and Singapore.

CNBC has previously reported that Vietnam has emerged as one of the top destinations for firms diversifying supply chains away from China amid heightened geopolitical risks, along with other Southeast Asian countries such as Malaysia and Indonesia.

Still, the IMF warns that the intensification of geopolitical pressures could harm the region in the future.

For example, global economic fragmentation is likely to reduce activity in ASEAN's major trading partners, such as the U.S. and China, and could thus lower external demand for goods from the heavily export-dependent region.

The IMF's outlook on Friday raised its 2024 and 2025 growth prospects for the entire Asia-Pacific region by 0.1%, up from its last forecast in April.

However, despite the markup, it also warned that growth is facing more risks, reflecting "rising geopolitical tensions, uncertainty about the strength of global demand, and potential for financial volatility."

### DATE: 
2024-11-01

### Summary: 
The Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) has continued to emerge as an economic winner of increasing geopolitical tensions between China and the United States, though risks from fragmentation remain, the International Monetary Fund (IMF) says.
Though U.S.-China tensions have been deteriorating in recent years, ASEAN has adapted and continued to integrate with the global economy, the IMF said in its latest Asia-Pacific Outlook report, released Friday.
"Despite geopolitical tensions, ASEAN has continued to strengthen trade and investment links with both China and the U.S.," the report said.
"[T]he region has even been able to take advantage of trade diversion opportunities caused by US-China trade tensions," the report added.
However, despite the markup, it also warned that growth is facing more risks, reflecting "rising geopolitical tensions, uncertainty about the strength of global demand, and potential for financial volatility."

### Keywords: 
trade
china
geopolitical
global
asean
winner
uschina
region
exports
imf
emerge
continues
tariffs
tensions

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 178


### TITLE: 
Federal Reserve rate cuts could prove to be a boon for Southeast Asian economies

### TEXT: 
The U.S. Federal Reserve's decision to cut interest rates in September, with further reductions expected, could prove to be a boon for the emerging economies of Southeast Asia.

"We're very confident and optimistic with the rate cuts … these markets will come back to their 6-7% real GDP growth trajectory in the near term," Saurabh Agarwal, head of Southeast Asia private equity at Warburg Pincus, told CNBC's "Squawk Box Asia" last month.

His confidence is matched by economists and finance officials across the region.

David Sumual, chief economist of Bank Central Asia, said Indonesia is one such country that could take advantage of both short-term and long-term Fed policy.

"Further Fed cuts will benefit Indonesia mainly through commodity channels, given the potential rally in commodity prices, especially with the news of the upcoming Chinese fiscal stimulus. Indonesia may also benefit from higher portfolio inflows (especially for stocks), although the impact may be more limited given the renewed demand on the Chinese stock market," he told CNBC.

Higher rates in the U.S. have traditionally been a negative for emerging markets as U.S. investors typically send their dollars home in search of decent yields. A key concern is also the pressure interest rate differentials put on currencies, and it can be a difficult time for emerging market central banks attempting to keep price rises in check.

But on the flipside, when U.S. rates ease, it can boost emerging markets who see renewed flows into their economies. Global commodities (a cornerstone of many emerging markets) also tend to rise in price as the U.S. dollar drops on a more dovish outlook by the Federal Reserve.

### DATE: 
2024-11-01

### Summary: 
The U.S. Federal Reserve's decision to cut interest rates in September, with further reductions expected, could prove to be a boon for the emerging economies of Southeast Asia.
David Sumual, chief economist of Bank Central Asia, said Indonesia is one such country that could take advantage of both short-term and long-term Fed policy.
Higher rates in the U.S. have traditionally been a negative for emerging markets as U.S. investors typically send their dollars home in search of decent yields.
But on the flipside, when U.S. rates ease, it can boost emerging markets who see renewed flows into their economies.
Global commodities (a cornerstone of many emerging markets) also tend to rise in price as the U.S. dollar drops on a more dovish outlook by the Federal Reserve.

### Keywords: 
asian
cuts
emerging
rates
prove
indonesia
southeast
price
federal
asia
rate
economies
markets
told
boon
reserve
renewed

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 179


### TITLE: 
‘The dynamics are different’: Singapore and Malaysia aim to finally crack economic integration with Johor special zone

### TEXT: 
The Johor BahruSingapore Rapid Transit System (RTS) Link under construction near the JB Sentral building in Johor Bahru, Malaysia, as of Tuesday, Sept. 24, 2024.

Sharon Kuok started studying in Singapore when she was seven, commuting daily to and from her home in the southern Malaysian state capital of Johor Bahru.

She subsequently attended the National University of Singapore, and she then worked in the city-state for over 30 years before she finally called it a day.

She's now back in her hometown where she lives with her Singaporean husband and their three dogs in a two-story semi-detached house. Despite eating out most days and having a grocery list that included a lot of imported items like milk and cheese, their monthly expenses are about 30% to 40% lower compared to when they were in Singapore.

"We felt that Malaysia would be a cheaper place to spend our retirement. We picked JB [Johor Bahru] because that's where I am from and for its proximity to Singapore," she said.

Kuok is among the small but growing number of Singapore residents who have moved to Johor where living costs are much lower. Some, like Intan Syuhada, senior director at events company Messe Berlin Asia Pacific, base themselves in Johor but cross over to Singapore for work daily via one of the two bridges that connect the two sides.

Mercer, a HR consultancy, earlier this year ranked Singapore the second costliest city in the world for international workers to live in, while Johor Bahru came in at number 214 out of the 226 cities on the list. Items that cost a lot more in Singapore include cars, petrol and utilities like electricity and water.

Already, many people from Singapore have started visiting the Malaysian state regularly to shop and to enjoy services from car repair to massages and haircuts.

The number of Singaporeans visiting or relocating to Johor could increase in coming years when a rail link between Singapore and Johor Bahru is completed and the planned Johor-Singapore special economic zone (JS-SEZ) takes effect.

### DATE: 
2024-10-29

### Summary: 
The Johor BahruSingapore Rapid Transit System (RTS) Link under construction near the JB Sentral building in Johor Bahru, Malaysia, as of Tuesday, Sept. 24, 2024.
Sharon Kuok started studying in Singapore when she was seven, commuting daily to and from her home in the southern Malaysian state capital of Johor Bahru.
We picked JB [Johor Bahru] because that's where I am from and for its proximity to Singapore," she said.
Already, many people from Singapore have started visiting the Malaysian state regularly to shop and to enjoy services from car repair to massages and haircuts.
The number of Singaporeans visiting or relocating to Johor could increase in coming years when a rail link between Singapore and Johor Bahru is completed and the planned Johor-Singapore special economic zone (JS-SEZ) takes effect.

### Keywords: 
integration
lower
special
state
zone
finally
malaysian
started
dynamics
bahru
different
singapore
visiting
malaysia
johor
number
economic

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 180


### TITLE: 
Temperatures cool in Japan, but inbound travel shows little sign of slowing down

### TEXT: 
Temperatures are cooling in Japan, but interest in visiting shows no signs of abating, as autumn arrivals continue to outpace pre-pandemic levels. The country welcomed 2.93 million foreign visitors in August, followed by another 2.87 million visitors in September — well above the 2.52 million and 2.27 million who arrived during those same months in 2019, according to the Japan National Tourism Organization. Historically, Japan sees a lull of tourists in August and September, followed by a bump in visitors in October from travelers in search of fall foliage or Tokyo's storied Halloween celebrations. But this year, that drop is expected to be muted, as the country is experiencing a long-awaited rise in arrivals from Chinese travelers, a trend which began in June. Before the pandemic, China was Japan's largest tourism source market, representing 30% of all arrivals, according to Japanese authorities. Chinese visitors to Japan doubled last month, from 325,645 in September 2023 to 652,300 in September 2024, according to Japan's tourism statistics.

watch now

From January to September this year, more than 5.2 million visitors from China visited Japan, a 228% increase from 2023, according to preliminary statistics. But that leaves plenty of space to grow to reach the 9.6 million that arrived in 2019.

Growth from the west

As Chinese arrivals ramp up, visitors to Japan from other countries have fully recovered and even exceed pre-pandemic levels. Though two-thirds of visitors are from East Asia — namely, South Korea, China, Taiwan and Hong Kong —greater growth in the first half of this year came from travelers from North America and other parts of Asia-Pacific, according to a report by Mastercard Economics Institute released in September.

watch now

The number of travelers from the United States rose 153% in the first half of 2024 from the same period in 2019. Visitors from Canada (148%), Australia (141%), Singapore (140%) and New Zealand (138%) also surpassed pre-pandemic levels, according to the report, as did arrivals from India and Southeast Asian nations, including the Philippines, Vietnam, Indonesia and Malaysia. Those from North America and Europe, who travel for longer distances, tend to stay longer, the report stated. Some 40% of those from Europe stay between two and three weeks, it said. By contrast, 75% of South Korean visitors — currently Japan's top tourism source market — stay less than a week. As a result, travelers from North America and Europe spend more on accommodations and food, while Asian tourists spend more on shopping, the report stated. However, favorable exchange rates caused by the weak yen have led to many spending more on retail purchases, a trend most noticeable among Singaporean, American and European visitors, according to Mastercard's report.

Concentration of tourists

Japan expects that some 35 million tourists will arrive by the end of 2024 — a 10% increase from 2019 levels. But officials hope to welcome far more, nearly doubling pre-pandemic arrivals to reach 60 million visitors by 2030. However, the country is already battling issues related to overtourism, which has resulted in jam-packed temples, crowded "zen" gardens and a shortage of rice in the country.

Crowds of tourists on the street near Kyoto's Kiyomizu-dera temple in April 2019. Nicolas Datiche | Lightrocket | Getty Images

### DATE: 
2024-11-11

### Summary: 
Temperatures are cooling in Japan, but interest in visiting shows no signs of abating, as autumn arrivals continue to outpace pre-pandemic levels.
Before the pandemic, China was Japan's largest tourism source market, representing 30% of all arrivals, according to Japanese authorities.
watch nowFrom January to September this year, more than 5.2 million visitors from China visited Japan, a 228% increase from 2023, according to preliminary statistics.
Concentration of touristsJapan expects that some 35 million tourists will arrive by the end of 2024 — a 10% increase from 2019 levels.
But officials hope to welcome far more, nearly doubling pre-pandemic arrivals to reach 60 million visitors by 2030.

### Keywords: 
travel
tourists
temperatures
cool
visitors
million
according
sign
slowing
japan
travelers
inbound
shows
tourism
prepandemic
little
arrivals
report

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 181


### TITLE: 
China extends visa-free policy to 9 more countries — including South Korea

### TEXT: 
From Friday, citizens of nine more countries can enter China without needing a visa to visit.

Holders of ordinary passports from eight countries in Europe — Slovakia, Norway, Finland, Denmark, Iceland, Andorra, Monaco and Liechtenstein — as well as South Korea can visit for business or leisure purposes for up to 15 days without needing a visa.

The visa exemption is set to remain in effect until Dec. 31, 2025.

South Korea is a major tourism source market for China. In 2019, some 4.3 million South Koreans visited China, according to The Korea Times. Korea's Ministry of Foreign Affairs reported less than 1.3 million visited in 2023.

Share prices of prominent Chinese and Korean travel companies rose following Beijing's announcement of the expanded visa-free program on Friday.

Trip.com shares have risen more than 5%, while low-cost carrier Jin Air rose nearly 4%.

### DATE: 
2024-11-07

### Summary: 
From Friday, citizens of nine more countries can enter China without needing a visa to visit.
South Korea is a major tourism source market for China.
In 2019, some 4.3 million South Koreans visited China, according to The Korea Times.
Korea's Ministry of Foreign Affairs reported less than 1.3 million visited in 2023.
Share prices of prominent Chinese and Korean travel companies rose following Beijing's announcement of the expanded visa-free program on Friday.

### Keywords: 
countries
million
korea
visited
visa
visitholders
south
extends
policy
needing
rose
visafree
china
including

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 182


### TITLE: 
Is this the world's 'coolest hotel room' for baseball fans? Go inside to see the view

### TEXT: 
The 2024 World Series may be over, but that won't stop baseball fans from searching for their next ballpark fix. But forget touring a stadium — this one lets you sleep inside it. Es Con Field Hokkaido is a stadium on the Japanese island of Hokkaido with a grass field, retractable roof and space for 35,000 spectators. But the grand slam for fans is the stadium's hotel, which comes with rooms overlooking the field where the Hokkaido Nippon-Ham Fighters play. The Fighters are the former team of Major League Baseball superstar Shohei Ohtani. Opened in March 2023, the stadium is home to the Tower Eleven Hotel, which has eight themed rooms with field views, including the Clubhouse Room, which resembles the Fighters' locker room and comes with original lockers from the Sapporo Dome, the team's old stadium. Travelers who stay here might be storing their pajamas in the same locker that Ohtani once used. Guests don't need tickets to the game, since they can watch it from their rooms.

watch now

Not surprisingly, the rooms are tremendously popular with hardcore Japanese baseball fans. Most rooms are booked months in advance, though those who book early enough can still secure reservations. But they don't come cheap: The Clubhouse Room starts at $719 on game days, a price easier to swing with the knowledge that it sleeps five people. Think the best buddy sleepover ever, for $144 a person.

Seventh inning soak

There's another perk for hotel guests, too. They can watch live games while sitting in an onsen, or hot spring. Onsen culture is central to Japanese life, with thousands of onsens throughout Japan. Es Con Field Hokkaido says it's the world's first baseball stadium with a natural onsen overlooking the field. Developers dug 4,265 feet into the ground to reach the water, according to HKS Architects, the Dallas-based company that designed the stadium. There's a cold plunge pool too, alongside a bar where guests can order craft beer and edamame.

Guests can watch the game from a sauna that is built into the stadium. Source: H.N.F.

Note: Traditionally, onsens are enjoyed without clothes, but bathing suits are required for the two open-air onsens at the stadium. There's good reason for this: You may end up on the Jumbotron. Throughout the onsen area, baseball-themed details abound. Guests hang towels from the ends of sawed-off bats, previously used by Hokkaido Fighters players. There's also a sauna, with railings that are shaped like bats. The check-in desk encases dozens of game-used baseballs, and the area is decorated with diamond-shaped tables.

Baseballs accents abound in the hotel, including the reception desk to the onsen. Source: Oliver Horovitz

Guests who forget their bathing suits can buy one from a vending machine (cost: $6.50), and non-hotel guests can also book an onsen, if there's space, for $26.

Ohtani's old team

The Hokkaido Fighters, founded 78 years ago, compete in the Pacific League of Nippon Professional Baseball, or the NPB.

A room with a view at Es Con Field Hokkaido, a stadium built in Japan in 2023. Source: Oliver Horovitz

The team drafted a then 18-year-old Ohtani back in 2012. He played five seasons for the Fighters, before transferring to the Los Angeles Angels in 2017. In total, the Fighters have won three Japan Series titles, most recently in 2016. The Fighters' schedule mirrors that of Major League Baseball, with regular season games running from March to September. Attending a game is a wonderful window into Japanese culture. Teams bow to each other when taking the field, and batters frequently bow when entering the batters' box — to honor their opponents, the fans, and the stadium itself.

Extra innings

Fans routinely arrive at Es Con Field Hokkaido well before the first pitch to partake in pre-game festivities. The stadium has its own craft beer brewery, which is experimenting with wood-aged beer made from broken bats. (Fun fact: broken bats in Japan are often recycled into chopsticks.) There's also a ramen terrace, which serves ramen from five famous Japanese shops. Food events, like fried dumpling festivals, are frequently hosted on-site. For the soda-obsessed, there's a unique seating section of the stadium called the "Coca-Cola Seats" — painted red, of course — with unlimited Coca-Cola soft drinks.

A suite at the Tower Eleven Hotel at Es Con Field Hokkaido. Source: H.N.F.

The stadium sits within the 80-acre Hokkaido Ballpark F Village, which has an Adventure Park, children's play area, and simulators for golf, baseball and horseback riding. There's also an area where budding Ohtanis can field their own grounders. In the winter, the grounds transform into a snow park and ice rink.

Of the 12 hotels rooms at the Tower Eleven Hotel, eight have views of the field. Source: Oliver Horovitz

### DATE: 
2024-11-05

### Summary: 
Es Con Field Hokkaido is a stadium on the Japanese island of Hokkaido with a grass field, retractable roof and space for 35,000 spectators.
Es Con Field Hokkaido says it's the world's first baseball stadium with a natural onsen overlooking the field.
Ohtani's old teamThe Hokkaido Fighters, founded 78 years ago, compete in the Pacific League of Nippon Professional Baseball, or the NPB.
A room with a view at Es Con Field Hokkaido, a stadium built in Japan in 2023.
Extra inningsFans routinely arrive at Es Con Field Hokkaido well before the first pitch to partake in pre-game festivities.

### Keywords: 
inside
hotel
source
onsen
stadium
view
worlds
baseball
hokkaido
fans
field
coolest
rooms
fighters
theres
room

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 183


### TITLE: 
Move over Black Friday: Consumer interest in 'Travel Tuesday' soars

### TEXT: 
First there was Black Friday — then Cyber Monday. Now deal-thirsty consumers have a reason to shop online one day longer. "Travel Tuesday" — the first Tuesday after the American Thanksgiving holiday — targets those looking for discounts on trips, rather than flat-screen TVs. Search interest for "Travel Tuesday" rose more than 500% from 2021 to 2023, according to a report published by McKinsey & Company on Thursday. Searches are highest among American and Canadian consumers, but interest is also rising in Australia, the United Kingdom, Netherlands and Spain, according to McKinsey.

watch now

Google Trends supports this, showing searches for "Travel Tuesday" beginning in November 2017, dropping off during the pandemic, and rising sharply in 2022 and 2023, mostly in North America, Western Europe and Australia. "European travel companies can anticipate the possibility that Travel Tuesday will become a growing phenomenon in their region," McKinsey's report notes. Except for Singapore, Travel Tuesday hasn't caught on in Asia yet, the report noted, perhaps because of the regional popularity of China's "Singles' Day" — a weeks-long sales period that peaks annually on Nov. 11.

Search interest for "Travel Tuesday" on Google Trends since 2019. Source: Google Trends (https://www.google.com/trends)

But that's not stopping Asian companies from jumping in on the sale to reach global clientele. Kristen Jennings Graff, director of sales and marketing at Bawah Reserve, an eco-resort in Indonesia's Riau Islands, said her company launched its first "Travel Tuesday" promotion in 2023. "We had an offer that was a choice — upgrade, discount, or one free flight," she said. "It generated good sales for us."

Flights, hotels and cruises

McKinsey's report, titled "Travel Tuesday is Real — and Growing," showed that hotel, airline and cruise bookings among American travelers spiked on "Travel Tuesday" last year, which occurred on Nov. 28, 2023. Airline bookings jumped more than 60% that day, and cruises by more than 50%, from the two-week-period before and after it, according to the report.

Hotel bookings also jumped 28%, although they were slightly eclipsed by bookings made the day prior, which was Cyber Monday, according to the report. Searches for "Cyber Monday" are far greater than "Travel Tuesday," but interest in the former is declining, it showed. "Travel bookings made on Travel Tuesday have surpassed those made on Cyber Monday," said Ryan Mann, a partner in McKinsey's Travel, Logistics and Infrastructure practice and one of the authors of the report. But Mann cautions that Travel Tuesday may not do for the travel industry what Black Friday has done for retail. On both dates, consumers are looking for the best deals, he said. "But unlike some of the impulse purchases consumers make on Black Friday, travel bookings can require more planning." For those who are ready to book, they can find discounts on airfares, cruises and tour packages, with many hotels offering 20-30% off best available rates. Travelers can check out "Travel Tuesday" deals from 2023 to get an idea of what to expect this year.

A slice of year-end spending

In the face of rising travel costs and inflationary pressures, travelers say finding a good deal is a top priority. A day earmarked for travel discounts can be a win for travelers and an opportunity for companies to bolster revenue during a period when there's usually a lull in bookings, according to McKinsey. Late November/early December is often considered too late for winter bookings and too early for summer ones, the report states.

### DATE: 
2024-11-04

### Summary: 
Search interest for "Travel Tuesday" rose more than 500% from 2021 to 2023, according to a report published by McKinsey & Company on Thursday.
"European travel companies can anticipate the possibility that Travel Tuesday will become a growing phenomenon in their region," McKinsey's report notes.
"Travel bookings made on Travel Tuesday have surpassed those made on Cyber Monday," said Ryan Mann, a partner in McKinsey's Travel, Logistics and Infrastructure practice and one of the authors of the report.
But Mann cautions that Travel Tuesday may not do for the travel industry what Black Friday has done for retail.
"But unlike some of the impulse purchases consumers make on Black Friday, travel bookings can require more planning."

### Keywords: 
consumer
bookings
travel
black
according
2023
interest
day
travelers
cyber
consumers
report
soars

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 184


### TITLE: 
George Clooney faked being nervous to make Anna Kendrick comfortable on set: 'It was such a gift'

### TEXT: 
"To other people he is kind of capital G, George, you know?" she said of the then 47-year-old. "And he works really hard to make you forget that and feel comfortable."

Kendrick, who was just 23 during production of the film, said that Clooney did his best to help her feel like he was just another actor on set with her.

The actress appeared on " Who's Talking to Chris Wallace " last week while promoting her directorial debut "Woman of the Hour" and credited Clooney for going out of his way to her feel at ease.

Anna Kendrick had already appeared in two hit "Twilight" films before being cast alongside George Clooney in 2009's "Up In The Air", but she still was a ball of nerves during her first day on set.

While the two were preparing to shoot their first scene together — which for Kendrick was also her first scene in the entire film — the Academy Award-winner shared his nerves with his young co-star.

"He said, 'God, do you get nervous? On the first day, I get so nervous. Do you get insecure? I get really insecure.' And I was like, 'Yes, I do, George, I do. I totally get nervous. I totally get insecure,'" Kendrick said. "He was doing this whole thing about, like, 'I worry. Like, did they even hire the right guy?'"

"It was such a gift for him to say that," she continued. "Because it felt like 'Oh, okay, I can bring my anxiety into the moment and someone is going to hold space for that and be cool with that."

Kendrick said that it wasn't until years later that she realized Clooney was most likely not being entirely truthful.

"Suddenly that memory popped into my brain and I thought, 'No, no he does not get insecure or worry that they've hired the wrong guy,'" she said. "Maybe that's something he dealt with earlier in his career."

Still, Kendrick said that to this day she appreciates the gesture.

"It really, really set me at ease," she said. "And was a complete fiction."

True or not, Clooney's gesture helped Kendrick give her best performance. Kendrick would eventually go on to be nominated for the Best Supporting Actress Oscar for her role.

It's natural to feel nervous or insecure when starting at a new role. And though you won't have a George Clooney to help calm you down, it is possible to keep potential feelings of imposter syndrome at bay.

Be mindful about what prompts insecurity and those intrusive ideas, Judy Ho, a neuropsychologist and professor at Pepperdine University, previously told CNBC Make It.



She suggests noticing your patterns and what situations trigger you — what evidence supports the idea that you're incapable and what evidence contradicts it? Write down those findings in two columns and compare them.

The exercise may help you realize that you bring a lot more to the table than you might think.

Want to earn more money at work? Take CNBC's new online course How to Negotiate a Higher Salary. Expert instructors will teach you the skills you need to get a bigger paycheck, including how to prepare and build your confidence, what to do and say, and how to craft a counteroffer. Start today and use coupon code EARLYBIRD for an introductory discount of 50% off through November 26, 2024.

Plus, sign up for CNBC Make It's newsletter to get tips and tricks for success at work, with money and in life.

### DATE: 
2024-11-11

### Summary: 
Anna Kendrick had already appeared in two hit "Twilight" films before being cast alongside George Clooney in 2009's "Up In The Air", but she still was a ball of nerves during her first day on set.
I totally get insecure,'" Kendrick said.
"It really, really set me at ease," she said.
It's natural to feel nervous or insecure when starting at a new role.
And though you won't have a George Clooney to help calm you down, it is possible to keep potential feelings of imposter syndrome at bay.

### Keywords: 
anna
best
george
set
really
nervous
kendrick
feel
gift
faked
comfortable
day
insecure
clooney
help

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 185


### TITLE: 
This TikTok trend could be 'detrimental' to your career, says job coach of 15 years

### TEXT: 
As a career coach of 15 years, Jasmine Escalera scrolls through career-advice TikTok just like the rest of us, but with a bit more of a discerning eye about some of the messages out there.

Escalera, a Miami-based expert with Zety who helps professionals find new jobs, says one trend in particular could be particularly damaging: white-fonting on your resume.

White-fonting is the act of copying the text of a job description and pasting it onto your resume in small, white font in hopes of "beating the ATS system," Escalera tells CNBC Make It, referring to applicant tracking systems that help employers organize job candidates.

The idea is that by including all the keywords from the job description on your document, it will be scanned by an artificial intelligence screener, represent a strong match and move you into the next round for interviews.

But resume screening platforms don't work in that way, and Escalera says that being found out could jeopardize your candidacy.

"It's causing professionals to do something that can be really detrimental to their professional reputation," she says. "If somehow a hiring team picks it up, now your professional reputation, your qualifications, the work that you've been able to do, your entire job application, is called into question."

### DATE: 
2024-11-11

### Summary: 
As a career coach of 15 years, Jasmine Escalera scrolls through career-advice TikTok just like the rest of us, but with a bit more of a discerning eye about some of the messages out there.
Escalera, a Miami-based expert with Zety who helps professionals find new jobs, says one trend in particular could be particularly damaging: white-fonting on your resume.
The idea is that by including all the keywords from the job description on your document, it will be scanned by an artificial intelligence screener, represent a strong match and move you into the next round for interviews.
"It's causing professionals to do something that can be really detrimental to their professional reputation," she says.
"If somehow a hiring team picks it up, now your professional reputation, your qualifications, the work that you've been able to do, your entire job application, is called into question."

### Keywords: 
trend
professional
job
career
escalera
tiktok
resume
work
reputation
youve
description
professionals
15
coach
zety
detrimental

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 186


### TITLE: 
Online course: Expert-backed strategies to earn more money

### TEXT: 
Most Americans are dissatisfied with how much they're paid, yet most still say they didn't ask for more the last time they got a new job.

Negotiating is scary and can bring up feelings of guilt and self-doubt, but it's also one of the most important things professionals at every career level can do to increase their earning power.

We want to change the dynamic by giving workers the knowledge, skills and confidence they need to ask for a raise in their current job or negotiate a bigger paycheck in a new one.

Our new online course, How to Negotiate a Higher Salary, launches Oct. 15. You'll get access to 90 minutes of instructional video lessons that you can watch at any time, and a companion workbook with exercises, examples and scripts you can use.

Is our negotiating course for you?

Ask yourself these three questions:

Are you looking for a new job and want help understanding how to set your target salary and the best way to discuss pay in the interview process?

Are you thinking about asking for a raise at work and want to position yourself for the best possible outcome?

Are you curious about how companies set pay rates and how you can use that information to earn more money?

What will our salary course teach you?

How companies determine pay for their employees How to research salary levels and prep for the conversation Precisely what to say and what not to say Body language tips and how to regulate your emotions How to craft a counteroffer and use a competing offer

What you get with our course

90 minutes of instructional video content broken into digestible lessons

A downloadable workbook with additional exercises, examples and scripts

Instant access to watch and read at your own pace, whenever you want

Our team of trusted instructors

You'll learn from host Hanna Howard, CNBC Make It's senior editor of career and workplace coverage, as well as expert instructors:

Farah Sharghi, a technical recruiter and career coach who has worked as a talent acquisition specialist for Google, Lyft, Uber, TikTok and The New York Times, and shares her tips on YouTube, Instagram and TikTok.

Michelle Greenberg-Kobrin, a lawyer, professor at Cardozo School of Law, and adjunct professor at Columbia Law School, where she teaches a course on negotiation.

Nolan Church, the CEO of salary-data resource FairComp, cofounder and CEO of recruiting platform Continuum, and former Google recruiter and DoorDash head of talent.

Take charge of your career with How to Negotiate a Higher Salary to master the art and science of asking for what you deserve — and actually getting it.

Get started today and use coupon code EARLYBIRD for an introductory discount of 50% off through Nov. 26, 2024.

### DATE: 
2024-10-15

### Summary: 
Our new online course, How to Negotiate a Higher Salary, launches Oct. 15.
Are you curious about how companies set pay rates and how you can use that information to earn more money?
What will our salary course teach you?
Michelle Greenberg-Kobrin, a lawyer, professor at Cardozo School of Law, and adjunct professor at Columbia Law School, where she teaches a course on negotiation.
Get started today and use coupon code EARLYBIRD for an introductory discount of 50% off through Nov. 26, 2024.

### Keywords: 
negotiate
watch
pay
career
online
expertbacked
tips
video
workbook
strategies
course
salary
say
earn
money

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 187


### TITLE: 
What are the economics of war?

### TEXT: 
Last March, Thierry Breton, the EU's commissioner for internal market, advocated for a shift of the European defense industry toward a war economy.

Europe is facing an "existential threat," he said, as the Commission announced a new defense strategic plan, with a minimum of €1.5 billion ($1.6 billion) subsidy to boost the continent's war machine.

Nations are investing in their armed forces too.

In Germany, arms maker Rheinmetall inaugurated a new factory in February that will produce artillery ammunition, explosives and rockets.

Aerospace and defense company Kongsberg also opened a new anti-ship and cruise missile manufacturing plant in Norway last June.

According to the Stockholm International Peace Research Institute, military expenditure reached a peak of $2.4 trillion in 2023, the highest year-on-year rise since 2009.

Watch the video above to learn more about the economics of war.

### DATE: 
2024-08-07

### Summary: 
Last March, Thierry Breton, the EU's commissioner for internal market, advocated for a shift of the European defense industry toward a war economy.
Europe is facing an "existential threat," he said, as the Commission announced a new defense strategic plan, with a minimum of €1.5 billion ($1.6 billion) subsidy to boost the continent's war machine.
In Germany, arms maker Rheinmetall inaugurated a new factory in February that will produce artillery ammunition, explosives and rockets.
Aerospace and defense company Kongsberg also opened a new anti-ship and cruise missile manufacturing plant in Norway last June.
Watch the video above to learn more about the economics of war.

### Keywords: 
war
trillion
billion
video
tooin
threat
defense
thierry
yearonyear
subsidy
economics

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 188


### TITLE: 
What is the internet of bodies?

### TEXT: 
The following is a transcript of the video.

You've heard the term "Internet of Things" – where inanimate objects can be connected to the internet and each other.

But in 2016, academic and author Dr. Andrea M. Matwyshyn took it one step further, coining the term, "Internet of Bodies," or IoB.

She describes it as "a network of human bodies whose integrity and functionality rely at least in part on the Internet and related technologies, such as artificial intelligence."

That might sound far-fetched, but if you have one of these, then you're already part of the IoB world.

There are three categories of IoB, based on the device's level of integration.

The first generation is external. Things like smartwatches or rings, which use sensors to track our steps and heart rate. Or smart glasses, which function as cameras, headphones and monitors.

The second generation is internal. These are devices you ingest or have implanted. Think of pacemakers with digital implants, smart prosthetics hardwired into patients' nerves and muscles... or even digital pills that transmit medical data after being ingested.

Finally, there's the third generation. These devices completely merge with the body while maintaining a real-time connection to an external machine and the internet.

One of the most notable companies in this space is Elon Musk's Neuralink, which is developing a brain-computer interface, or BCI called "the Link."

The coin-sized chip is implanted under the skull, where it can read a person's brain signals and allow them to control an external machine.

Neuralink's first test subject, who was paralyzed from the shoulders down, used the device to play chess on his laptop. Although a few weeks after the procedure, Neuralink reported some malfunctioning.

Proponents of IoB devices say the benefits are clear: they'll improve body cognition and function, improve healthcare, and allow for significant cost savings for people and corporations. But where some see benefits, others see risks. Even the original article coining the term warned against the technology's flaws.

For one, data protection will be paramount. Many of these devices will be able to track, record and store personal information. Critics argue that if governments and companies got their hands on this data, they could use it to spy on citizens or turn them into revenue streams. There are also concerns around dependency, addiction and personal safety. Former U.S. Vice President Dick Cheney, for example, admitted that he had his heart implant's wireless function disabled in 2007 over fears that assassins could use it to cause a fatal heart attack.

There are also ethical questions to consider. Could we see a world in which the rich are augmented, and the poor aren't? And philosophically, will IoB challenge our notions of human autonomy and self-governance? Who is responsible for monitoring the risks?

Most IoB implantable and ingestible devices are regulated by agencies, such as the Food and Drug Administration in the U.S. or its counterparts internationally.

They have a set of rules for things like cochlear implants or body-part replacements, but IoB consumer devices are not under their purview. The recent emergence of these devices, their fast boom in sales and their varying capabilities somewhat explains the current patchwork of legislation at regional, state and international levels. However, there are some existing laws that could be extended to safeguard IoB data.

The EU's General Data Protection Regulation – or GDPR – is designed to protect EU residents from the dangers of data breaches and cyber-attacks.

And in the U.S., the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act – commonly known as HIPAA – is meant to prevent a patient's information from being disclosed without consent.

As an industry, there's a lot to play for. According to Mordor Intelligence, the global connected medical device market alone will be worth around 66 billion dollars in 2024 and is expected to reach more than 132 billion by 2029. That's an annual growth rate of nearly 15%.

### DATE: 
2024-05-31

### Summary: 
You've heard the term "Internet of Things" – where inanimate objects can be connected to the internet and each other.
But in 2016, academic and author Dr. Andrea M. Matwyshyn took it one step further, coining the term, "Internet of Bodies," or IoB.
She describes it as "a network of human bodies whose integrity and functionality rely at least in part on the Internet and related technologies, such as artificial intelligence."
These devices completely merge with the body while maintaining a real-time connection to an external machine and the internet.
However, there are some existing laws that could be extended to safeguard IoB data.

### Keywords: 
bodies
term
internet
implants
data
devices
generation
function
iob
things
heart

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 189


### TITLE: 
How the world got into $315 trillion of debt

### TEXT: 
Here is a transcript of the video.

The world is in debt. To the tune of $315 trillion and counting.

Borge Brende: We haven't seen this kind of debt since the Napoleonic wars. We're getting close to 100% of Global GDP.

$315 trillion is a staggering number to visualize but consider this. In 2024, global gross domestic product — or GDP — amounted to $109.5 trillion — slightly over a third of that global debt number.

Another way to picture it? There are about 8.1 billion of us living in the world today. If we were to divide that debt up by person, each of us would owe about $39,000.

So, with global debt at a record high, should you be concerned? And how did we get here in the first place?

Global debt combines borrowings from households, businesses and governments.

You're probably most familiar with household debt, which includes things like mortgages, credit card and student debt. At the beginning of 2024, this amounted to $59.1 trillion.

Business debt, which corporations use to finance their operations and growth, sat at $164.5 trillion, with the financial sector alone making up $70.4 trillion of that amount.

Finally, there's government debt, which is used to help fund public services and projects without raising taxes.

Countries can borrow from each other or from global institutions such as the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund.

But governments can also raise money by selling bonds... which is essentially an IOU from the state to investors. And like all loans, it includes interest.

Public debt stood at $91.4 trillion. While debt may have a bad rap, it isn't necessarily a bad thing. It could help an individual get an education or join the property ladder. It enables businesses to start up and scale up. And though national debt is the most contentious of the three, it can give governments the leverage they need to build the economy, for social spending, or respond to a crisis.

Written record shows public debt has been around for at least 2,000 years, primarily used to establish towns, cities, states and nations... and to fund wars. Governments have long amassed heavy debts from wartime expenses, such as the Napoleonic Wars, Franco-Prussian War and U.S. Civil War in the 19th century.

World War II, the most expensive war in history, triggered several debt crises, with most of the outstanding loans being owed to the United States.

Since the 1950s, there have been four major waves of debt accumulation.

The first debt wave originated from Latin America in the 1980s, which led 16 countries in that region to restructure their borrowings.

The second wave impacted Southeast Asia at the turn of the 21st century, while the U.S. and Europe took the brunt of the third global debt wave during the 2007–2008 global financial crisis.

We are now in the fourth wave, which began in 2010, and coincided with the Covid-19 pandemic. Governments had to take on even more debt to help businesses and its citizens cushion the impact of lockdowns.

Global debt rose to 256 percent of GDP in 2020, a 28-percentage point increase - and the biggest one-year debt rise since the Second World War.

But the pandemic just exacerbated a problem that was already there. Debt had been piling up for at least a decade before, as individuals, companies and governments spent beyond their means. Just look at this graph from the World Bank, which shows debt as a percentage of GDP, rapidly climbing from 2008.

This brings us to a critical question: how much debt is too much debt? When does it become unsustainable?

Put simply, it's when you can no longer afford it.

So, for example, when a government is forced to make cuts in areas that hurt its people, such as education or healthcare, just to keep up with payments.

Take Zambia for instance. In 2021, debt servicing accounted for 39% of its national budget. That year, the government spent more on paying these debts than education, health, water and sanitation combined. And it's completely hampered the nation's ability to invest in its future.

Debt-to-GDP ratio is the economic metric that compares a country's government debt to its gross domestic product. It's usually presented as a percentage and is seen as a good indicator of that country's ability to service its debts.

So, let's pretend we have two countries, each with $30 billion in debt. Sounds like they have the same problem, right? But if it turns out that one of those countries has a $30 billion economy, and the other has a nearly $30 trillion economy, it's clear which country is shouldering the bigger debt burden.

This, often coupled with unfavorable foreign exchange and interest rates, is why debt is seen as riskier for smaller economies.

But there are, of course, exceptions.

Japan, the world's fourth largest economy, is also one of the world's most indebted countries, with total debt sitting above 600% of GDP. And while the bulk of Japan's debt is public, in recent years, it has been the financial sector piling on – not the government.

Around two-thirds of the $315 trillion owed originates from mature economies with Japan and the United States contributing the most to that debt pile. But generally, the debt-to-GDP ratio for mature economies has been coming down.

On the other hand, emerging markets held $105 trillion in debt, but the EM debt-to-GDP ratio hit a new high of 257% - pushing the overall ratio up for the first time in three years. China, India and Mexico were the biggest contributors.

The fourth wave has been the biggest, fastest and most wide-ranging rise in debt we've seen since World War II. Better policies and financial regulations have kept a far-reaching debt crisis at bay.

But with so much money on the line, the prospect of a stronger dollar or a trade war could be enough to tip a country - or several - into default.

### DATE: 
2024-05-28

### Summary: 
In 2024, global gross domestic product — or GDP — amounted to $109.5 trillion — slightly over a third of that global debt number.
So, with global debt at a record high, should you be concerned?
The first debt wave originated from Latin America in the 1980s, which led 16 countries in that region to restructure their borrowings.
Global debt rose to 256 percent of GDP in 2020, a 28-percentage point increase - and the biggest one-year debt rise since the Second World War.
The fourth wave has been the biggest, fastest and most wide-ranging rise in debt we've seen since World War II.

### Keywords: 
gdp
global
war
ratio
315
debt
trillion
wave
governments
seen
world

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 190


### TITLE: 
eVTOLS: Are flying cars finally becoming reality?

### TEXT: 
Inventors have been fixated on the idea of "flying cars" for nearly as long as they have been on the road, with prototypes dating as far back as the 1940s.

Innovators and investors today, however, prefer the acronym eVTOL, which stands for electric vertical take-off and landing.

As the name suggests, eVTOLS are powered by electricity, not fuel. They take off and land vertically, like what you're used to seeing with a helicopter, but many also fly like a traditional aircraft.

More than 400 companies and innovators have registered designs on the World eVTOL Aircraft Directory. CNBC has focused on eVTOL companies like Lilium , EHang , Alef and mentions Joby Aviation , Archer Aviation and Vertical Aerospace .

The broader industry has attracted billions of dollars in funding over the last decade. For some, those investments could really pay off. One Markets and Markets forecast estimated that the eVTOL market will grow from $1.2 billion in 2023 to $23.4 billion in 2030. That's an annual average growth rate of 52%.

So, are we in the golden age of eVTOL development or the "mother of all aerospace bubbles?" Watch the video above to learn what the field will need to do to reach its ambitious targets.

### DATE: 
2024-03-28

### Summary: 
Inventors have been fixated on the idea of "flying cars" for nearly as long as they have been on the road, with prototypes dating as far back as the 1940s.
Innovators and investors today, however, prefer the acronym eVTOL, which stands for electric vertical take-off and landing.
More than 400 companies and innovators have registered designs on the World eVTOL Aircraft Directory.
CNBC has focused on eVTOL companies like Lilium , EHang , Alef and mentions Joby Aviation , Archer Aviation and Vertical Aerospace .
One Markets and Markets forecast estimated that the eVTOL market will grow from $1.2 billion in 2023 to $23.4 billion in 2030.

### Keywords: 
reality
aerospace
evtols
watch
aviation
finally
billion
world
evtol
flying
markets
cars
youre
vertical
companies

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 191


### TITLE: 
How China's property bubble burst

### TEXT: 
Desperate property developers in China have resorted to gifts like new cars, free parking spaces, phones and other consumer goods to attract homebuyers and boost flagging sales.

These incentives are just the tip of the iceberg in a crisis involving hundreds of billions of dollars in home builder debt, trillions in local government debt and at least a billion empty apartments.

But it wasn't always the case. Since China's economic liberalization in the 1970s and housing reforms in the late 1980s, locals have flocked to properties as the investment vehicle of choice over alternatives such as the stock market.

The property and construction boom helped fuel China's – and the world's – economic growth for 30 years. By some estimates, property in China was worth $60 trillion at its peak, making it the biggest asset class in the world.

Developers like Evergrande and Country Garden got extremely rich in the process.

As property values soared and Chinese households piled on more debt, Beijing attempted to cool its housing market and rein in risky business behavior. Spooked, Chinese consumers soured on property purchases.

But the country's property crisis has deeper roots than speculation and uncontrollable debt. Watch the video to find out how China's property bubble burst.

### DATE: 
2024-02-29

### Summary: 
Since China's economic liberalization in the 1970s and housing reforms in the late 1980s, locals have flocked to properties as the investment vehicle of choice over alternatives such as the stock market.
The property and construction boom helped fuel China's – and the world's – economic growth for 30 years.
By some estimates, property in China was worth $60 trillion at its peak, making it the biggest asset class in the world.
But the country's property crisis has deeper roots than speculation and uncontrollable debt.
Watch the video to find out how China's property bubble burst.

### Keywords: 
property
crisis
chinese
burst
bubble
worlds
debt
worth
housing
economic
china
chinas

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 192


### TITLE: 
ETF world buzzing about new cash flooding into funds seen winning from Trump trades

### TEXT: 
With the elections over, the ETF world is buzzing about how the Trump presidency will affect the business. How are hopes for tax cuts, fewer regulations and more tariffs influencing what ETFs investors will be buying in 2025? Two corners of the market receiving particular attention are banks and energy. "ETFs tied to sectors that typically thrive under Republican policies, such as financials and energy, could see increased investor demand," Tom Lydon, former vice chairman of VettaFi and an influential figure in the ETF community, said in a recent post. "For example, during Trump's previous administration, deregulation in the energy sector boosted oil and gas stocks, benefiting energy ETFs." John Davi, who uses ETFs extensively as CEO of Astoria Portfolio Advisors, agrees. "We think the biggest beneficiaries of a red sweep will be in banks, small caps, industrial (cyclicals in general), crypto and the non Mag 7 stocks," he told CNBC. Potential Trump ETF beneficiaries Gavi, who also manages several ETFs tied to specific sectors, cited ETFs specializing in banks ( Invesco KBW Bank ETF , or KBWB), smallcaps (iShares Russell 2000 ETF , or IWM), industrials ( Invesco S & P 500 Equal Weight Industrials Portfolio , or RSPN), cyclicals ( AXS Astoria Real Assets ETF , or PPI), Non Mag 7 stocks ( Astoria US Equal Weight Quality Kings ETF , or ROE) and bitcoin ( Bitwise Bitcoin ETF , or BITB), as likely beneficiaries of Trump policies. Matt Bartolini, head of Americas ETF Research at State Street Global Advisors, is especially positive on banks. The SPDR Regional Bank ETF (KRE) received more than $1.3 billion of new investor cash the day after the election, meaning 36% of the fund's current assets came in on a single day. Bartolini said in an an email that the prospect of diminished government oversight is a key driver. "Lesser regulation on capital controls may increase return on equity for banks, as they may have more relaxed balance sheets in terms of capital hold backs," he said. "At the same time, the other fiscal policies suggest may be inflationary at a time when the Fed is seeking to cut rates. This could lead to steeper yield curves and wider net interest margins, another positive for [profit] growth." Though energy ETFs have had outflows this year, that could reverse. "With the potential for increased permitting around drilling, among other supportive actions and potential subsidies, the firms most exposed to the spot price of oil and its impact on their earnings may benefit," Bartolini noted. "This means broad exposure to oil and gas explorers and producers that feature a mid-and small-cap bias beyond the bellwether giants ( XOP )." Don't be surprised to see the ETF industry quickly wrap perceived "Trump trades" into a single ETF. Several flavors already exist, including the Point Bridge America First ETF (MAGA), the iShares US Manufacturing ETF (MADE) and the Tema American Reshoring ETF (RSHO). Treasury ETFs can be "tricky" One area where there is disagreement is Treasuries and bonds in general. There have been notable inflows into large bond ETFs in the past month, particularly the iShares Core U.S. Aggregate Bond ETF (AGG) and Vanguard Total Bond Market Index Fund ETF (BND), two of the world's largest bond ETFs, and longer-term funds like iShares 20+ Year Treasury Bond ETF (TLT). However, inflows have been flattish in funds with shorter-dated securities. "We have been pretty vocal on buying more equities and moving out of [Treasury] bills," Gavi said, citing stronger U.S. economic data, a good U.S. earnings season and the Fed's willingness to reduce interest rates to further stimulate an already healthy economy. Edward Rosenberg, managing director and head of ETFs at Texas Capital, described the fixed income ETF market as "tricky." Based on recent moves in fixed income, "the newly-elected president is creating some worry in the bond market. However, with the fed cutting rates causing short bonds to get a very small bump in price, money markets and the ultra-short bond ETFs could benefit because they could see continual price bumps with each" rate reduction. Crypto ETFS having big year and getting bigger Since launching in January, crypto ETFs have attracted roughly $70 billion in assets, one of the most successful ETF launches ever. Options have been available since October. Bitcoin ETFs including the iShares Bitcoin Trust (IBIT), the largest bitcoin ETF by assets under management, have seen significant inflows since October. SEC Chair Gary Gensler has insisted most crypto currencies are securities that fall under the purview of the SEC, but that may change under a new regime. There will likely be a bigger push for broad legislation in Congress that would give much of the power to regulate crypto to the Commodity Futures Trading Commission instead of the SEC, and more crypto ETFs are likely. "We have gone through four years of a very very difficult regulatory environment, and that is all about to change," Michael Novogratz, founder and CEO of Galaxy Digital Holdings, a crypto investment firm, said on CNBC last week. Also more likely: a downtick in rulemaking and enforcement cases against crypto companies. Cathie Wood is back One big winner so far has been ARK Invest CEO Cathie Wood. Todd Sohn, head of ETFs at Strategas, called Wood's ARK Innovation ETF (ARKK) a "Trump-like proxy." ARKK 1M mountain ARK Innovation ETF, 1 month Not only is Tesla her largest holding, but she has also been a beneficiary of the bitcoin rally, since a good part of ARK Innovation is held in Coinbase and Robinhood, which stand to gain from any bitcoin rally. ARKK Innovation ETF (ARKK) (largest holdings) Tesla 14.2% Roku 9.4% Coinbase 8.9% Roblox 6.7% Palantir 5.2% Robinhood 4.8% What's still not clear is if Wood can regain the adherents she has lost. Shares outstanding in the flagship ARK Fund have gone from to roughly 120 million today from 208 million at the end of 2022, with only a modest uptick in the past week. Downside risks The downside risks are that "tariffs and protectionism are inflationary," Davi said. That could leave ETFs that track exposure to international markets like China ( iShares MSCI China ETF , or MCHI) and Mexico ( iShares MSCI Mexico ETF , or EWW) vulnerable to selloffs. It could also expose consumer discretionary ETFs ( Consumer Discretionary Select Sector SPDR Fund , or XLY) which rely on imported goods, facing potentially higher costs. Rosenberg at Texas Capital acknowledges that certain ETF sectors, like industrials ( Vanguard Industrials Index Fund ETF , or VIS; iShares U.S. Industrials ETF , or IYJ), "could be hurt by more tariffs." State Street's Bartolini also acknowledges industrials could be hurt by increased tariffs but notes they "are cyclical and pro-growth. Large U.S. international trade firms would be most impacted. Domestic transportation stocks that can benefit from the re-shoring wave could benefit, however." Note: Matt Bartolini, Head of Americas ETF Research at State Street Global Advisors, and John Davi, founder and CEO of Astoria Portfolio Advisors, will be guests on ETF Edge today at 1:15 PM ET. ETFEdge.CNBC.com.

### DATE: 
2024-11-11

### Summary: 
"For example, during Trump's previous administration, deregulation in the energy sector boosted oil and gas stocks, benefiting energy ETFs."
Aggregate Bond ETF (AGG) and Vanguard Total Bond Market Index Fund ETF (BND), two of the world's largest bond ETFs, and longer-term funds like iShares 20+ Year Treasury Bond ETF (TLT).
Crypto ETFS having big year and getting bigger Since launching in January, crypto ETFs have attracted roughly $70 billion in assets, one of the most successful ETF launches ever.
Bitcoin ETFs including the iShares Bitcoin Trust (IBIT), the largest bitcoin ETF by assets under management, have seen significant inflows since October.
Rosenberg at Texas Capital acknowledges that certain ETF sectors, like industrials ( Vanguard Industrials Index Fund ETF , or VIS; iShares U.S. Industrials ETF , or IYJ), "could be hurt by more tariffs."

### Keywords: 
banks
cash
seen
buzzing
etf
world
trades
flooding
trump
winning
ishares
crypto
industrials
energy
bitcoin
etfs
funds
bartolini
bond

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 193


### TITLE: 
At the SEC, Trump's election victory paves the way for a rollback in regulations

### TEXT: 
Corporate America now has a big chance to roll back regulations. Securities and Exchange Commission Chairman Gary Gensler has sought to dramatically increase regulation of corporate America, vastly increasing disclosure requirements in particular. In response, corporate America has brought an avalanche of lawsuits against Gensler and the SEC. With a new regime now coming into the SEC following Donald Trump's victory in the presidential race, how will they respond to the lawsuits? What will the new leadership at the SEC look like? CNBC spoke with Larry Tabb, director of market structure research at Bloomberg Intelligence. The questions have been edited for brevity and clarity. With the election over, what will happen to the leadership of the SEC? Gary Gensler's chairmanship does not expire until 2026, but it's likely he will step down as chairman. However, Gensler also remains as a commissioner. There is currently three Democrats and two Republicans, but that will likely flip under the Trump administration. Could Gensler stay on as a commissioner? It would be odd, but he could do it. But he would become a regular commissioner, and not only lose control of the agency's agenda but the majority of its people. He would have one vote and a few advisors. Are there are any favorites for SEC chairman? Dan Gallagher, now serving as Robinhood's chief legal officer and formerly a Republican SEC commissioner, has been floated as a possible replacement. Another possibility is one of the current Republican SEC commissioners, Hester Peirce, who has opposed most of the new rulemakings and lawsuits that Gensler has initiated. However, Peirce is an academic who has shown little political ambition and it's unclear if she would even want the job. The other Republican commissioner is Mark Uyeda who has been at the SEC a while, and he may be a choice for either acting chair or chairman. What happens to Gary Gensler's current agenda? There are dozens of pending rules that have yet to be adopted. The incoming chairman controls the staff and the agenda. Gensler's agenda will be put on hold. Gensler still has a majority on the SEC. Is it possible he will try to push through additional rules before he leaves? It's possible, but even here there are limits to what he might be able to do. The Congressional Review Act allows Congress to overturn regulations passed in the last portion of a previous administration. What might be the priorities for the incoming SEC chair? That will depend very much on the incoming chairman. There's little doubt a Republican-led SEC will be more sympathetic to crypto. Gensler has said he believes most crypto currencies are securities. I think there will be an attempt to more clearly define which crypto currencies are or are not securities, which would go a long way toward clearing up regulatory uncertainty. There will likely be a bigger push for broad legislation in Congress that would give much of the power to regulate crypto to the CFTC. There may also be an effort to reinvigorate the IPO market. Helping companies become public could be a priority, including an effort to eliminate existing rules which impede capital formation and make investing more expensive. What about all the regulations that the SEC passed under Gensler? Could the new administration undo those regulations? They could, but there is a long process that needs to be followed. Essentially, it is the rule-making process in reverse. They would need to propose to undo the rule, post a notice and comment period, and then vote. The SEC is being sued over dozens of regulations Gensler has enacted, including board diversity, share buybacks, short-sale disclosures, securities loan reporting, registration of Treasury market dealers, climate disclosure, and cybersecurity. Many of them allege that the SEC has overstepped its regulatory authority. What will happen to these lawsuits? The SEC is an independent agency but they have great latitude in deciding how to respond to lawsuits. Most of these suits are still pending in federal court. As soon as a new Republican chairman comes in, I suspect many of these lawsuits will probably not be contested and the regulations will not go into effect. How would that work? In a lawsuit, a corporation is suing the SEC, claiming, for example, that they do not have statutory authority to require more disclosure of some part of their business. The SEC has to respond to the lawsuit. One thing the SEC could do is simply decide not to contest the allegations. The court would then say, in effect, 'Oh so you agree with the suit, you over-reached,' and the court will not allow the regulation to go into effect. Alternatively, they could tell the court they agree that the rule doesn't comply and then say they will go and fix it, but in effect do nothing. I am not sure the SEC would want to publicly back away from rules they proposed and voted on. Any rules in particular the incoming administration might be eager to rescind? Climate change, securities finance/ lending, and I am sure there are others. Are there any other reasons to believe rulemaking will be greatly curtailed under the Trump administration? Yes. The Chevron doctrine was established by the Supreme Court in 1984, it granted deference to a government agency's interpretation of rules, providing they were reasonable. This was overturned this year by the Supreme Court, which held that the Administrative Procedure Act required courts to exercise independent judgement in deciding whether an agency acted within its statutory authority. What is the effect of that ruling? It's still being worked out, but it will likely reduce the power of federal agencies to make rules and increase the role of courts in interpreting those rules. That said, the SEC has not historically relied on Chevron, so this ruling will probably have little impact, but suing the SEC has become very popular, not only by broker, agencies and exchanges but also by the buyside, which is really aggressive for money managers (or their associations). There is little way to put this genie back in the bottle without changing strategy, so you will continue to see many lawsuits, which has and will undermine the authority of the agency. The only way out of this is two-fold: one, take out a big stick and use enforcement to push back on the industry and/or two, go back to the industry and seek consensus. The industry is of course looking for number two, but it may be a combination of both.

### DATE: 
2024-11-07

### Summary: 
Securities and Exchange Commission Chairman Gary Gensler has sought to dramatically increase regulation of corporate America, vastly increasing disclosure requirements in particular.
In response, corporate America has brought an avalanche of lawsuits against Gensler and the SEC.
With a new regime now coming into the SEC following Donald Trump's victory in the presidential race, how will they respond to the lawsuits?
Are there are any favorites for SEC chairman?
Dan Gallagher, now serving as Robinhood's chief legal officer and formerly a Republican SEC commissioner, has been floated as a possible replacement.

### Keywords: 
lawsuits
sec
victory
paves
trumps
securities
effect
chairman
way
gensler
regulations
commissioner
rules
rollback
election
court

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 194


### TITLE: 
Here's what usually happens to the S&P 500 during a presidential election week

### TEXT: 
What happens to stocks during election week? In general, the market has a slightly bullish bent during election week, but you can slice it different ways. Since 1928, there have been 24 elections. The average percentage change for the S & P 500 during the week of the election is up 0.7%, with the index gaining 63% of the time, according to Birinyi Associates. However, the last four days of the week (that is, Tuesday to Friday), the S & P is down an average 0.4% and up only 58% of the time. As for Election Day itself, eight of the 10 elections over the past 40 years have been up days, with an average gain of 0.9%, according to CFRA Research (Note: The stock markets were closed on the Tuesday of Election Day prior to 1984). Many find it hard to believe, but with a few exceptions, it has not mattered much which president is in the White House in terms of the stock market. Nasdaq chief economist Phil Mackintosh noted that one key issue in returns is whether there was a recession. The average total return for four-year terms that overlapped with a recession was 30% for the S & P 500, compared to 62% for those that didn't, he said. This was true, regardless of whether there was a Democrat or Republican in the White House. What determines trading for the rest of the year What matters more is what will happen for the rest of the year. That is largely determined by the state of the economy and earnings. Third-quarter earnings have been rising as we get near the end of the reporting season and, more importantly, fourth-quarter earnings are expected to rise more than 10%, led by technology up 14.6%. Analysts have not been significantly cutting those estimates. That is why the S & P 500 is only 2% below its historic high. S & P 500 earnings estimates Q3: +8.4% Oct. 1: +6.0% Q4: +10.7% Technology: +14.6% Source: LSE G Seasonals are important as well The seasonal trend is very strong. Goldman Sachs noted that this begins the best trading period of the year for U.S. equities. There are several reasons for this: Many mutual funds and pensions end their fiscal year Oct. 31 and they are often sellers, and 2) many U.S. corporations can again begin repurchasing stock after a "blackout" period for third-quarter earnings. In an election year, there is also a tailwind because the end of the election is a "clearing event" for risk assets. You can also add in the other usual suspects: tax-loss harvesting and retail and institutional investing for the new year. Last week, Goldman noted that in election years, the S & P has tended to slightly outperform nonelection years: S & P 500 in the fourth quarter (median return from 10/27 to the end of year, since 1928) All years: +5.2% Presidential election years: +6.25% Source: Goldman Sachs

### DATE: 
2024-11-05

### Summary: 
What happens to stocks during election week?
In general, the market has a slightly bullish bent during election week, but you can slice it different ways.
The average percentage change for the S & P 500 during the week of the election is up 0.7%, with the index gaining 63% of the time, according to Birinyi Associates.
That is why the S & P 500 is only 2% below its historic high.
S & P 500 earnings estimates Q3: +8.4% Oct. 1: +6.0% Q4: +10.7% Technology: +14.6% Source: LSE G Seasonals are important as well The seasonal trend is very strong.

### Keywords: 
earnings
s
election
average
presidential
week
usually
happens
p
end
stock
500
noted
sp
heres

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 195


### TITLE: 
A resilient economy and strong earnings are overpowering normal election worries

### TEXT: 
There's still two months to go in the year, and this is already one of the strangest markets we have seen in a long time. In years when there are presidential elections, and particularly close elections, the market is usually more volatile earlier in the year, and returns are typically slightly lower than in non-election years. Not this year. While volatility has picked up recently, returns on the S & P 500 are far above normal, and it likely has little to do with the economic policies of either candidate. .SPX YTD mountain S & P 500, YTD It's because the economy and earnings remain resilient. Tech earnings in particular are strong and not decreasing. That is the main reason the S & P 500 is less than 2% from its historic high. The election is the big wildcard It's not clear how soon the winner will be announced in the election , and the market is reflecting some of that uncertainty. The market tends to experience higher levels of volatility going into an election, but after the election volatility drops and the market typically rallies into the end of the year. Close elections tend to have even higher levels of volatility, and that is certainly the case with this election. The Cboe Volatility Index (VIX) , at 22, has remained elevated since the end of the summer, largely on concerns about the election. .VIX YTD mountain CBOE Volatility Index, YTD The VIX curve (the relationship between the shorter-term and long-term prices of VIX futures contracts) is in backwardation: that is, prices for the cash contract and the front-month (November) contract are higher than contracts further out, implying uncertainty not just over who will win, but how long it might take to announce a winner. "The VIX spot and VIX futures markets are telling us that equities are bracing for a somewhat extended period of volatility," Fundstrat's Tom Lee said in a recent note to clients. Long-term, it's the economy that matters The economy has been strong, with GDP growth near 3% . That and earnings are the biggest factor in this year's market returns. The overall market returns for this year are highly unusual: 1) the return YTD of 20% on the S & P 500 is well above the average yearly return of roughly 9% (not including dividends) and 2) return in election years, particularly when the race is close, tend to be lower because election uncertainty weighs on the market. Nasdaq Chief Economist Phil Mackintosh noted in a recent blog post that while returns for the S & P 500 typically average 9% in non-election years, the returns are typically 3% in election years, much of that done after the election is held. Obviously, the returns are far above what would historically be expected. How to account for this? "Perhaps what this shows is that, regardless of what happens in an election year, macroeconomics matters," Mackintosh concluded. Mackintosh noted that one key issue in returns is whether there was a recession. He noted the average total return for four-year terms that overlapped with a recession was 30% for the S & P 500, compared to 62% for those that didn't. This was true, regardless of whether there was a Democrat or Republican in the White House. "So, much more than who's in the White House, it's the economy that matters to markets," Mackintosh concluded. Earnings have been strong Two-thirds of the way through earnings season, and the aggregate numbers are strong. The third quarter is exhibiting a typical pattern: overall earnings come down a couple percentage points going into the quarter (this happens because analysts are always overly bullish and adjust expectations downward as they have better visibility), than estimates rise as companies begin to report and beat estimates. Third quarter earnings for the S & P 500 are up 8.4%, well above the 6.0% estimated at the start of October. 77.1% of the companies have beat analyst expectations (above the long-term historic average of 67%) and most importantly, companies are beating estimates by a wider margin than usual: 7.8% above expectations versus a long-term (since 1994) average of 4.2% above estimates. Much of this is being driven by technology. The sector is expected to grow 19.1% in the third quarter and estimates have been rising. It's fourth quarter earnings that matter Remember, the most important thing to watch is the trend and whether it is accelerating or decelerating. Are earnings growing or are they shrinking; if they are growing, is the pace of growth accelerating or decelerating? For the fourth quarter, analysts are not cutting estimates any more than the historic average. John Butters, an earnings analyst at FactSet, noted that overall earnings for the fourth quarter dropped 1.8% in the month of October, which is exactly in-line with the 10-year historic trend of a drop of 1.8%. In the case of the technology sector, estimates for the fourth quarter have declined a modest 0.9% since the fourth quarter started October 1, not statistically significant. Most importantly, technology earnings have been growing in the mid-single digits for over a year for every quarter, and are estimated to keep up that pace well into next year. This is what is powering the S & P 500 and the Nasdaq higher. S & P 500 Technology earnings: double digit gains every quarter (rounded) Q1 up 27% Q2 up 21% Q3 up 19% (est.) Q4 up 15% (est.) Q1 '25 up 18% (est.) Q2 up 21% (est.) Q3 up 19% (est.) Source: LSEG There has been some disappointment with a small handful of tech stocks, but much of it has been tied to CEOs offering conservative guidance. However, Scott Chronert at Citigroup noted this was not unusual: "There has been some conservatism in guides, which, to us, should be expected given an upcoming election and stocks near/at all-time highs," he told clients in a recent report. Not surprisingly, there are some pockets of weakness. With oil prices dropping analysts have been lowering estimates for energy companies rather aggressively: earnings have been cut 8.5% since October 1st. The biggest problem for stocks The economic data may be reasonably strong, and inflation may be trending down, but rising bond yields indicate to many that high debt levels are going to be an issue no matter who wins. "You don't want the bond vigilantes to control the market," Alec Young at MapSignals.com told me. "Much of the rally is based on reasonably low rates, if that gets out of control, it's going to be a problem." The other major issue: The market is expensive on an historic basis, trading at 22 times forward earnings estimates, well above historic norms of roughly 17-18 times. The combination of higher rates and high valuations has made it tough for the market to continue to advance. "There has been a change in tone," Young told me. "We're not going up anymore. The market was at this level in mid-September. It's a choppy, consolidating, sideways market, before it was making new highs on a weekly basis." That is certainly understandable. This is a two-year old bull market. The S & P 500 is up 50% in those two years. That is quite a run, far above historic norms. The Street is certainly expecting a post-election rally no matter who wins, but maybe the safer course is just to be happy with the gains so far.

### DATE: 
2024-11-04

### Summary: 
.SPX YTD mountain S & P 500, YTD It's because the economy and earnings remain resilient.
That is the main reason the S & P 500 is less than 2% from its historic high.
Third quarter earnings for the S & P 500 are up 8.4%, well above the 6.0% estimated at the start of October.
It's fourth quarter earnings that matter Remember, the most important thing to watch is the trend and whether it is accelerating or decelerating.
The S & P 500 is up 50% in those two years.

### Keywords: 
volatility
earnings
estimates
quarter
market
s
normal
p
overpowering
economy
strong
500
resilient
election
worries
returns

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 196


### TITLE: 
The pros and cons for investors of nonstop trading as NYSE looks to go 22 hours a day

### TEXT: 
In this article HOOD

NDAQ

ICE Follow your favorite stocks CREATE FREE ACCOUNT

The New York Stock Exchange is seen during morning trading on October 04, 2023 in New York City. Michael M. Santiago | Getty Images News | Getty Images

The New York Stock Exchange, owned by Intercontinental Exchange , wants to do trading 22 hours a day during the week. Is that good for the markets? The Big Board announced on Friday that it was seeking approval to expand trading on its electronic Arca platform from 16 hours a day to 22 hours a day (pausing between 11:30 p.m. and 1:30 a.m. ET) from Monday to Friday, subject to regulatory approval. NYSA Arca currently has a pre-opening session from 4:00-9:30 AM ET. "Core" trading hours for both the NYSE floor and NYSE Arca are 9:30 a.m. to 4:00 p.m. ET. NYSE Arca then has a late trading session from 4:00 p.m. to 8:00 p.m. ET. Nasdaq , which has current trading hours similar to the NYSE, declined to comment on the NYSE announcement and declined to say whether it would match the NYSE's proposal to expand trading hours.

Is there demand for after hours trading?

The NYSE thinks so "Interest in U.S. equities from both retail and institutional investors continues to grow, both in the U.S. and globally," Kevin Tyrrell, head of markets at NYSE, told CNBC in an interview on Friday. Tyrrell, declined to provide more specific details on where the demand was coming from and declined to provide details on a survey NYSE did of its members on expanding trading hours. "Our 22-5 [22 hours a day, 5 days a week] extended trading plan is based on numerous interactions with market participants as well as our own data and analysis," Tyrrell, said. "We believe our 22-5 extended plan is the right approach given current levels of investor demand and availability of current market infrastructure." Jim Toes, CEO of the Security Traders Association, an industry group, told CNBC the application "seems very premature as the demand by investors for overnight and weekend exchange trading is speculative." However, Dmitri Galinov, who formerly ran Credit Suisse's dark pool, disagrees. "There is definitely demand from overseas, particularly South Korea, Japan, and some demand in Europe," he told CNBC in an interview on Sunday. "In addition, there are retail traders in the U.S. who want to trade at night. Many retail traders work during the day, they come home and want to trade beyond the 8 p.m. cutoff for trading." What about institutional traders? Do they relish trading on thin volumes? "The institutions will not be the first movers, but as the volume migrates to a 24-hour curve, the institutions will come," he told CNBC. What about listed companies? How might they feel about potentially higher volatility in their stocks in after-hours? Galinov says most international companies would welcome expanded trading. "U.S. markets are the most liquid markets in the world, so if I am an international company I would be much more likely to list on the NYSE if it had trading around the clock," he told me. "Trading around the clock is much more convenient if I am an international company." Galinov now runs the 24X National Exchange, which has an application before the SEC to trade overnight as a fully licensed exchange. 24X recently amended its application to trade from 23 hours a day seven days a week, to 23 hours a day five days a week. Galinov said the SEC is due to rule on their application for an exchange by November 29th.

Competition for expanded trading heating up

Increased global competition, the desire to capture more trading volume, and the need to accommodate a growing pool of international traders are obvious incentives for stock exchanges to seek expanded trading hours.

NEW YORK, NEW YORK - OCTOBER 16: Traders and others work on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) floor in New York City. Spencer Platt | Getty Images

Several firms allow some trading in the overnight hours. Robinhood , for example, has a relationship with Blue Ocean Technologies, which runs an alternative trading system (ATS), that allows clients to trade stocks in the after-hours. Blue Ocean was recently reportedly forced to halt trading on August 5th during a wave of global market volatility that saw volumes spike dramatically. It resumed trading the next day.

Thin trading

Many in the investing community have long expressed reservations about expanding trading. Dennis Kelleher, CEO of Better Markets, a nonprofit active in financial reform, has filed briefs in opposition to expanding trading hours, citing thin volumes which can lead to much wider bid-ask spreads, the encouragement of impulsive trading at late hours, and the disadvantage retail traders may face against better-informed professional traders. "All of that will be compounded by the increased use of AI, predictive analytics, and gamification on apps that will be hyper-targeted on those most susceptible to trading at times and in ways that are not in their best interests," Kelleher told CNBC. Better Markets recently filed a brief in opposition to the application of the 24X National Exchange. "Retail investors who traded during an overnight session would be trading in a market where prices are bound to be more volatile and less favorable than during normal trading hours," Benjamin L. Schiffrin, director of securities policy at Better Markets, said in a letter accompanying the brief. "All around-the-clock trading on an exchange would do would be to provide another avenue for sophisticated market participants such as high-frequency traders to take advantage of retail investors." Jay Woods, a former designated market maker on the floor of the NYSE and currently with Freedom Capital Markets, also expressed concerns that retail traders would be trading in thin markets. "Prop traders [proprietary traders] are salivating over this because you are going to have the chance to trade against retail traders in very thin volume," Woods told CNBC. Still, Woods admitted that, "This is the direction trading is going. There is some demand, but is it healthy for the market? Is it healthy for listed companies? Is it good for retail investors to be trading when liquidity is thin? There are reasons we take breaks from trading."

Don't expect action soon

### DATE: 
2024-10-28

### Summary: 
"Core" trading hours for both the NYSE floor and NYSE Arca are 9:30 a.m. to 4:00 p.m.
Nasdaq , which has current trading hours similar to the NYSE, declined to comment on the NYSE announcement and declined to say whether it would match the NYSE's proposal to expand trading hours.
Is there demand for after hours trading?
Many retail traders work during the day, they come home and want to trade beyond the 8 p.m. cutoff for trading."
NEW YORK, NEW YORK - OCTOBER 16: Traders and others work on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) floor in New York City.

### Keywords: 
retail
pros
exchange
market
cons
investors
day
traders
looks
told
markets
nyse
york
trading
hours
22
nonstop

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 197


### TITLE: 
Blast from past Ingram Micro returns to trading, but IPO market still struggling with valuation concerns

### TEXT: 
Long-term IPO watchers will note a familiar name is returning to public trading today. Ingram Micro began trading Thursday at the NYSE under the symbol INGM, surging as much as 17% from its $22 initial public offering price . This is one of the largest distributors of technology products in the world by revenue ($48 billion), with operations in 57 countries. We're talking about desktop PCs, notebooks, printers, peripherals, smartphones as well as software products. It traded on the NYSE for many years, before it was acquired and taken private in 2016 by Tianjin Tianhai Investment Company, a subsidiary of Chinese conglomerate HNA Group, for $38.90 per share in an all-cash transaction valued at approximately $6 billion. It was then acquired by preivate equity firm Platinum Equity in 2021. Imgram sold 18.6 million shares at $22, just above the midpoint of the $20-$23 price range. That's a capital raise of $409 million. At a total market valuation of $5.1 billion, the company sold about 8% of the total equity, a fairly small float (most tech companies float 10%-15%). Still no signs of IPO life, despite record highs for stocks Unfortunately, Ingram is not going to change the IPO dynamic. This is the third consecutive year where the amount raised in IPOs fell below historic averages. So far, 126 IPOs have raised $28.1 billion in 2024. Pre-covid, a normal year would see roughly $50 billion raised. IPOs: Total raised 2024 YTD: $28.1 billion 2023: $19.4 billion 2022: $7.7 billion 2021: $142 billion (record) 2020: $78 billion 2019: $46 billion 2018: $47 billion Source: Renaissance Capital Recent IPOs have done well With the major indexes at new highs, you can't blame the stock market for the lack of big IPOs. Large IPOs (over $200 million) have been few and far between the past few months, but those that have come public, like early childhood education provider KinderCare Learnings , aerospace engine maintenance provider StandardAero and diversified retail REIT FrontView are all trading above their initial offering prices. Recent large IPOs (amount raised, and gain from IPO price) KinderCare $576 m. +20.7% StandardAero $1.4 b. +31% FrontView REIT $251 m. + 3.3% Source: Renaissance Capital Still a valuation problem At least for technology IPOs, the problem remains valuations. In 2021, private capital was able to raise record funding for tech companies, which became benchmarks for private valuations. Unfortunately, there were clear indications the public markets were not willing to pay those high valuations. "Public investors are not willing to pay 2021 valuations," Matt Kennedy from Renaissance Capital told me. "The VC (venture capital) people are still happy to keep funding the companies." "Many companies are still saying, "We have enough cash and enough funding, let's wait until 2025." "AI companies are raising hundreds of millions of dollars, and they are going to have to find some way to either get acquired or go public." The good news: the pipeline is building There are still candidates out there. HPS Investment Partners, a big private credit manager, was often mentioned as an IPO candidate but there are reports BlackRock and others may be considering an outright purchase. Better known are other IPO candidates, including StubHub and SeatGeek. Both have filed to go public confidentially, meaning they are not yet revealing financial data to the public. Another company, Pony.ai, a developer of autonomous vehicle systems for robotaxis in China, also filed to go public next week. A similar self-driving China startup, WeRide, has also filed to go public and may price late Thursday. Still, don't hold your breath. Any large IPOs will likely wait until after the election, Kennedy tells me. That leaves a narrow window immediately after Thanksgiving and into the first week or two of December for any remaining deals in 2024.

### DATE: 
2024-10-24

### Summary: 
Ingram Micro began trading Thursday at the NYSE under the symbol INGM, surging as much as 17% from its $22 initial public offering price .
Still no signs of IPO life, despite record highs for stocks Unfortunately, Ingram is not going to change the IPO dynamic.
Pre-covid, a normal year would see roughly $50 billion raised.
Recent large IPOs (amount raised, and gain from IPO price) KinderCare $576 m. +20.7% StandardAero $1.4 b.
In 2021, private capital was able to raise record funding for tech companies, which became benchmarks for private valuations.

### Keywords: 
market
concerns
raised
valuations
ingram
price
billion
valuation
companies
struggling
public
past
trading
returns
micro
ipos
ipo
private
capital

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 198


### TITLE: 
Investor sentiment starting to enter into frothy territory with so much going well for stock market

### TEXT: 
Both retail and professional investors have become more bullish in recent weeks. Allocations to stocks are rising; allocations to bonds are declining. You can't blame them for getting excited. There's good reason for exuberance: The soft landing remains the dominant investing paradigm; The Fed is cutting rates going into a soft landing (very unusual); Corporate America has become the largest buyer of U.S. stocks; Stocks are entering the seasonally strongest period of the year; and Hopes for political gridlock and/or a Trump win are boosting some sectors. Soft landing remains dominant paradigm The October Bank of America Global Fund Manager Survey, a monthly survey of global fund managers, was about as optimistic as you could get. Fully 90% expect a "soft landing," or "no landing" at all (i.e. the economy remains strong). BofA: fund managers who expect: Soft landing: 76% No landing: 14% Hard landing: 8% Source: BofA Indeed, worries about a U.S. recession was the predominant red flag throughout the summer, but those concerns are fading, replaced by fears surrounding geopolitical conflicts. Biggest tail risk for investors Geopolitical conflict 33% Global inflation accelerates 26% U.S. recession 19% (down from 40%) Source: BofA Fed is cutting rates going into a soft landing The Fed usually cuts rates when the economy begins to significantly weaken. That's not the case here: the Fed is cutting rates going into, at worst, a soft landing, which is very unusual. Alicia Levine, BNY Wealth head of investment strategy, is in the "no landing" camp, that is, she continues to believe the economy is growing at an above-trend rate (she noted two quarters in a row of roughly 3% GDP growth) and that this is bullish for equities. "When the Fed cuts into a soft landing or no landing, which is what we think is happening, if you look back at six previous examples of this, the S & P 500 is up 16% in the 12 months and 44% in the 24 months after the Fed starts the cutting cycle," she said on Squawk Box Tuesday. Buybacks are huge Corporate buybacks are a major factor in the rally this year. Goldman Sachs estimates U.S. corporations themselves are the largest buyer of the U.S. equities market in 2024. Through October 4, Goldman estimates $988 billion in announced buybacks were made so far in 2024, up 21% from 2023, likely a record year. While announcements get a lot of attention, it is the execution of the buybacks that actually result in share repurchases. Goldman estimated that 21.1% of all buyback executions occur in November and December, the strongest two-month period of the year for buybacks. Stocks are entering the strongest season of the year The seasonal weakness typically exhibited in September and October has not happened this year. The S & P 500 was up 2.0% in September and is higher by 0.9% so far in October. Historically, the S & P tends to rise beginning in the last week of October and through November and December. In election years, the seasonal November rise tends to be delayed until after the election, Goldman has noted. The election: volatility declines, stocks tend to rise Many believe that part of the credit for the market's strength is due to Trump's recent improvement in the polls and the possibility of a divided Congress. That certainly may be a factor, but the key point is the fact of the election itself: the historical evidence is that volatility tends to decline after an election, and stocks generally tend to do better. Goldman Sachs noted that, since 1928, the median S & P 500 return from October 15 to December 31 has been 5.17%. But the median S & P 500 return from October 15 to December 31 in election years is 7.04%, a significantly better performance. Things to worry about: sentiment With all that, who could blame investors for getting excited? Still, there's excited, and there's frothy, and we are starting to enter frothy territory. The American Association of Individual Investors sentiment survey shows bullishness near the highest levels all year. AAII Bullish/Bearish survey (week ending 10/9) Bullish 49.0% Neutral 30.4% Bearish 20.6% Source: AAII Bullish sentiment at 49% is very high: the historic average is 37.5%. Same with professional investors. The October BofA Global Fund Manager Survey saw the biggest jump in investor optimism since June of 2020. BofA noted that fund managers were rotating into cyclical sectors (industrials, consumer discretionary, and energy) and cutting exposure to defensive sectors (consumer staples and utilities, though exposure to utilities is still high). Those professional investors also were holding very low cash levels, going from 4.2% (low) to 3.9% (very low), or the lowest since February 2021. BofA considers levels below 4% to be a "sell signal." Other risks: momentum and election The risks: several sectors, such as industrials and financials, along with roughly 15% of the S & P 500 are now overbought (showing Relative Strength Indicator readings above 70). What that means: when stocks and sectors are above those levels it is historically difficult for them to keep advancing in the immediate future. A bigger risk may be the election itself. The Cboe Volatility Index (VIX) remains at 20, slightly elevated compared to where it has traded most of this year (roughly 12-17), but inline with its historic average of 20. The market seems to be assuming a clear winner will be forthcoming in the election and stocks will rise immediately after, but that outcome is far from certain. If the election is gridlocked after Nov. 5, with no clear outcome, that would increase uncertainty and may delay any rally.

### DATE: 
2024-10-16

### Summary: 
Fully 90% expect a "soft landing," or "no landing" at all (i.e.
That's not the case here: the Fed is cutting rates going into, at worst, a soft landing, which is very unusual.
The S & P 500 was up 2.0% in September and is higher by 0.9% so far in October.
Historically, the S & P tends to rise beginning in the last week of October and through November and December.
Goldman Sachs noted that, since 1928, the median S & P 500 return from October 15 to December 31 has been 5.17%.

### Keywords: 
market
fed
going
p
landing
soft
starting
stocks
s
election
enter
investor
investors
territory
bofa
survey
sentiment
frothy
stock

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 199


### TITLE: 
Big-cap bull market turns two, leaving small-cap stocks further behind

### TEXT: 
Frustrated small cap investors are turning to companies with profits as the bull market in big cap stocks starts its third year. The S & P 500 bottomed two years ago in October 2022 and since then has risen 63%, last week reaching an historic high. Not so with the small-cap Russell 2000 : it didn't bottom until October 2023, and is only 35% off the low, still 9% shy of its historic high in November 2021. Including 2024, the S & P 500 has now outperformed the Russell 2000 in 12 of the past 15 years. .SPX .RUT 5Y mountain S & P 500 vs Russell 2000 in past five years. In exasperation, small cap enthusiasts have turned to ETFs that exclude unprofitable companies altogether, and those funds have been attracting inflows. Small cap investors wait. And wait some more. The academic research has long supported the notion that over long periods of time small caps outperform large caps, and value stocks outperform growth issues. But it certainly hasn't worked out that way in a very long time. The problem is, how long is long? Including 2024, the S & P 500 has outperformed the small-cap Russell 2000 in 12 of the past 15 years. Going back 15 years, the S & P 500 ETF (SPY) is up 440% while the Russell 2000 ETF (IWM) is ahead 260%. Many blame the composition of the Russell 2000, which is heavily weighted toward biotechs, most of which are unprofitable, and small-cap banks, which aren't exactly knocking the cover off the ball. Russell 2000 ETF (IWM) (largest holdings by sector) Financials 24.2% Health Technology 14.0% Technology Services 9.6% Producer Manufacturing 7.1% Electronic Technology 7.0% Given this frustrating underperformance, it's little surprise investors who continue to believe diversification is an important component of any portfolio and are unwilling to completely give up on small caps are looking at alternatives to simply investing in small caps based on market capitalization. A profitability tilt Judging by the recent flow of funds, many seem to have found some solace by including an additional factor: a profitability tilt. This makes some sense, since about 40% of the Russell 2000 companies are unprofitabile. If stocks are indeed a call on a future stream of cash flow, then including a profitability tilt may indeed make sense. The SPDR S & P Small Cap 600 ETF (SPSM) does exactly that: it screens for profitability (positive GAAP earnings for the past 12 months and in the most recent quarter) and liquidity. The intended effect is to weed out less stable companies. State Street Global Advisors (SSGA), which runs the ETF, said in July that SPSM has outperformed the Russell 2000 (which does not have a profitability overlay) by 2.2% on an annualized basis in each of the past three years. Investors seem to have taken note. Shares outstanding in the ETF have more than doubled since the start of 2023, indicating strong investor demand. Flows into the iShares Russell 2000 (IWM) have been down slightly in that same time period. A similar fund that also tracks the S & P SmallCap 600 Index is the iShares Core S & P Small-Cap ETF (IJR). Other small cap funds with a profitability tilt have also seen strong inflows recently, including the Dimensional U.S. Small Cap ETF (DFAS) and the Avantis Small Cap Value ETF (AVUV). Note: Rob Harvey, Vice President of Dimensional Funds, and Ben Slavin, Global Head of ETFs for BNY Mellon, will dicuss small cap investing on the ETF portion of Halftime Report Monday at 12:35 PM ET, and at 1:15 PM ET on ETFEdge.cnbc.com.

### DATE: 
2024-10-14

### Summary: 
Frustrated small cap investors are turning to companies with profits as the bull market in big cap stocks starts its third year.
Not so with the small-cap Russell 2000 : it didn't bottom until October 2023, and is only 35% off the low, still 9% shy of its historic high in November 2021.
Including 2024, the S & P 500 has outperformed the small-cap Russell 2000 in 12 of the past 15 years.
A similar fund that also tracks the S & P SmallCap 600 Index is the iShares Core S & P Small-Cap ETF (IJR).
Other small cap funds with a profitability tilt have also seen strong inflows recently, including the Dimensional U.S. Small Cap ETF (DFAS) and the Avantis Small Cap Value ETF (AVUV).

### Keywords: 
leaving
stocks
bigcap
market
small
bull
s
past
turns
russell
profitability
p
2000
cap
etf
smallcap

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 200


### TITLE: 
Two major deals coming soon may help jumpstart the IPO market

### TEXT: 
Despite the S & P 500 and the Dow Jones Industrial Average posting recent record highs, the initial public offering market remains stuck in neutral. However, two large deals are likely coming to market soon. First, chip manufacturer Cerebras Systems is expected to announce its IPO imminently. The company specializes in manufacturing semiconductors that are optimized for artificial intelligence. It will likely seek to raise $750 million to $1 billion , making it one of the larger IPOs of the year. Second, aircraft maintenance services provider StandardAero upsized its IPO offering on Friday, which is expected to start trading at the New York Stock Exchange on Oct. 2. This company services all the original equipment manufacturers, including GE Aerospace, Pratt & Whitney, Rolls-Royce, Honeywell and Safran. The company is seeking to sell 60 million shares at a price range of $20 to $23 per share. StandardAero previously filed to offer 46.5 million shares at the same $20 to $23 per share range. StandardAero will be a large IPO, likely raising about $1.3 billion at the midpoint. This would make it the fourth largest IPO of the year, behind temperature-controlled warehouse real estate investment trust Lineage ( $4.4 billion ), cruise line Viking ( $1.5 billion ) and athletic company Amer Sports ( $1.37 bilion ) For reference, the majority of IPOs in the U.S. raise $100 million to $500 million. There have been more than 100 IPOs this year, and only four have raised $1 billion or more. The StandardAero deal is backed by investment firm Carlyle. Singapore's sovereign wealth fund GIC is also a major backer and will also be selling shares. IPOs stuck in neutral IPOs in 2024 are running above last year's figures, but they are still way below normal levels. So far this year, 104 IPOs have raised $24.7 billion. A normal year would see roughly $50 billion in IPO proceeds. The IPO raise has been sub-par for three years running. IPOs in 2024 # of IPOs: 104 Raise: $24.7 billion Typical year: $50 billion to $60 billion Source: Renaissance Capital Still, hope springs eternal. IPO watchers note childcare provider KinderCare and digital health marketplace company Solera both could raise $500 million or more. Lubricant company Moove could also be an IPO candidate. StubHub , SeatGeek , and Ingram Micro also are possibilities, along with Dunkin' Brands-owner Inspire Brands.

### DATE: 
2024-09-27

### Summary: 
The company is seeking to sell 60 million shares at a price range of $20 to $23 per share.
StandardAero previously filed to offer 46.5 million shares at the same $20 to $23 per share range.
StandardAero will be a large IPO, likely raising about $1.3 billion at the midpoint.
The IPO raise has been sub-par for three years running.
IPO watchers note childcare provider KinderCare and digital health marketplace company Solera both could raise $500 million or more.

### Keywords: 
deals
coming
market
ipos
soon
million
company
help
ipo
billion
likely
major
500
jumpstart
standardaero
shares
raise

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 201


### TITLE: 
Look for stock market pain next week after Friday's 'triple witching' options expiration

### TEXT: 
Today is triple witching expiration , the quarterly expiration of single stock and index options, and index futures. Each of the four days is traditionally one of the most actively traded sessions of the year. It's occurring at an unusual moment: The S & P 500 is at a historic high. That, Chris Murphy at Susquehanna says, makes bulls happy and bears unhappy. "Given we have rallied back to all-time highs 1) most puts are deep out of the money and 2) calls are in the money … I think the main way expiration would have an impact would be if we start selling off and market makers who are long hedged calls … need to start selling." Week after triple witch: poor Unfortunately, the week after the September triple witch is historically among the weakest of the year. "The week after September quarterly options expiration week has been a nearly constant source of pain with only a few meaningful exceptions over the past 34 years," Jeff Hirsch from the Stock Trader's Almanac told clients last week, noting that the week after has been down 27 of the past 34 years. Fourth week of September: poor (avg. losses since 1990) Dow Industrials - 1.09% S & P 500 - 1.06% Nasdaq - 1.06% Source: Stock Trader's Almanac "End-of-Q3 portfolio restructuring is the most likely explanation for this trend as managers trim summer holdings and position for the fourth quarter," Hirsch said. S & P 500 rebalancing today The S & P 500 will see three new entrants at the close today, each of which will begin trading as part of the S & P on Monday: Dell Technologies , Erie Indemnity and Palantir Technologies . They will replace Etsy , Bio Rad Laboratories and American Airlines Group . As is typical, the " S & P inclusion effect " is very evident. This is the phenomenon where the inclusion of a stock in the S & P 500 from the day the inclusion is announced to the day it actually goes in the index usually results in a move up that outperforms the market. This is attributed to demand created by index funds that track the S & P 500. Since the announcement at the close on Sept. 6, Dell is up 17% and Palantir is ahead 20%. Finally, while the S & P 500 is at a new high, the Russell 2000 small-cap index is not far behind. It is only 2% from a 52-week high (the historic high was 2021), and a breakout here would get the bulls even more excited because it adds to the "broadening out" story.

### DATE: 
2024-09-20

### Summary: 
Today is triple witching expiration , the quarterly expiration of single stock and index options, and index futures.
It's occurring at an unusual moment: The S & P 500 is at a historic high.
Week after triple witch: poor Unfortunately, the week after the September triple witch is historically among the weakest of the year.
S & P 500 rebalancing today The S & P 500 will see three new entrants at the close today, each of which will begin trading as part of the S & P on Monday: Dell Technologies , Erie Indemnity and Palantir Technologies .
Finally, while the S & P 500 is at a new high, the Russell 2000 small-cap index is not far behind.

### Keywords: 
high
market
s
pain
expiration
500
index
week
today
triple
options
look
p
witching
fridays
stock

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 202


### TITLE: 
Your favorite stocks may soon be quoted in half-penny increments, which could cut trading costs

### TEXT: 
Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange during afternoon trading on Sept. 5, 2024. Michael M. Santiago | Getty Images

Investors may soon see their favorite stocks quoted in half-penny increments. The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission will vote Wednesday to change the minimum pricing increment for many large-cap stocks, likely to allow for pricing increments of a half-cent. The agency rolled out this proposed rule in late 2022. The measure would likely affect the pricing of most of the largest stocks, including most in the S&P 500. It may also affect the pricing of some highly liquid exchange-traded funds. Currently, the minimum pricing increment — or tick size — for most stocks is one cent.

Quote sizes have been coming down for a long time

Before the mid-1990s, the stock brokerage business was very profitable. Since the 1800s, the smallest increment that a stock traded at was an eighth of a dollar, or 12.5 cents. A broker might have a bid — a price at which they would be willing to buy — of $20.00 for XYZ stock, and an ask — that is, a price at which they would be willing to sell — of $20.125. That's an eighth of a dollar higher. That turned out to be a very lucrative business. This all began to change in the 1990s. In 1997, the minimum tick size went from an eighth of a dollar to a sixteenth, or 6.25 cents. This dropped to a penny in 2001. These reductions in tick size had a profound effect on the brokerage business. It made stock trading far less profitable, but it provided big savings to buyers and sellers of stocks. Reducing the tick size also improved market liquidity.

Why do we need half-penny tick sizes?

### DATE: 
2024-09-18

### Summary: 
Michael M. Santiago | Getty ImagesInvestors may soon see their favorite stocks quoted in half-penny increments.
The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission will vote Wednesday to change the minimum pricing increment for many large-cap stocks, likely to allow for pricing increments of a half-cent.
Currently, the minimum pricing increment — or tick size — for most stocks is one cent.
In 1997, the minimum tick size went from an eighth of a dollar to a sixteenth, or 6.25 cents.
Reducing the tick size also improved market liquidity.

### Keywords: 
halfpenny
pricing
stocks
tick
size
dollar
minimum
soon
quoted
cut
increment
business
stock
eighth
favorite
increments
trading
costs

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 203


### TITLE: 
Future Proof gathering in California surf town is trying to reinvent the investment conference

### TEXT: 
HUNTINGTON BEACH, Calif. — This idyllic beach town about an hour south of Los Angeles is what everyone from Iowa thinks California looks like: crashing waves, endless miles of white sand beaches, stunning vistas, and plenty of tan and healthy-looking people. Huntington Beach in particular likes to think of itself as the beach volleyball capital of the world. For the next four days, it will also be host to one of the largest financial conferences in the world. More than 4,000 people have descended here for the Future Proof conference , a vast social gathering designed to give younger registered investment advisors and other investment professionals access to what they want. What they want, apparently, is an intense desire to network with other RIAs and investment professionals and find ways to grow their business. They also seem very particular about the kind of content they want to hear: anything about AI and how to use it, alternative investments, a bit of crypto, and a bit on the markets and the economy. Alongside serious discussions and networking they are also very comfortable with parallel classes on wine consumption, craft beer instructions, yoga, nature walks, and even rock bands (Third Eye Blind!) playing in the evening. Around this mass of RIAs is a small army of sell-side professionals eager to sell them ETFs, mutual funds, financial and management advice, and anything else they need to grow their business. Many of these sell-side pros can be seen in panels that are sprinkled throughout the conference. Reimagining the financial conference Future Proof is the brainchild of Barry Ritholtz, co-founder, chairman, and chief investment officer of Ritholtz Wealth Management, and CEO Josh Brown. This is the third year for the conference, but Ritholtz and company have been doing conferences for 15 years. Ritholtz describes it as an ongoing project to reinvent the financial conference concept, which he says is "moribund." "We wanted something where people got out of the conference room, get out of the hotel and enjoyed the beach, enjoy the outdoors. Just because we're in finance doesn't mean we have to be staid and boring and running in the bowels of a giant conference, right?" he said. The ETF and financial services industry is here in force, with representatives from JPMorgan Chase, Capital Group, State Street Global Advisors, Dimensional Funds, Van Eck and dozens of others trying hard to connect with younger independent investment professionals who don't go to traditional conferences. Much of this is being accomplished through a "speed dating" service that matches RIAs with sell-side providers for short, 15-minute one-on-ones. Fellow conference organizer Matt Middleton tells me that last year 16,000 meetings were arranged; this year he expects to double that, to 32,000. It's about networking When I asked a group of attendees at the opening panels Sunday afternoon what they were at the conference for, one answer came up most often: to meet with other RIAs and investment professionals. "I'm here to network," Adarsh Shyamsundar from Polaris Capital Management told me. He became an RIA in 2022 after years in the tech business. "This is about hearing what other advisors are saying, especially the small mom and pop shops around the country," Brett Rodgriguez from Graystone Consulting told me. "We're hear to get something we can't get on a Zoom call--real one-on-one interaction with other people in our business." Delon Mansour, an RIA from San Diego, said it's about having a message for his clients. "I want my clients to see that I am staying active and learning new strategies for their portfolios," he told me. Mansour also reflected another motivation for coming: He said he was on a hunt for more products he can use to better manage his business. Hot topics: AI, Alternative Investments, crypto, markets There's plenty of content here, and when asked what they most wanted to hear about, AI came in at top of the list. "I want to know how people here are using AI," Shyamsundar said. "How should I be using it, and how can I help my clients use AI better?" "If I'm using AI, how do I use it, how do I harness it?," Harris Nydick at CFS Investment Advisory told me. "I want to use it effectively, I want to use it compliantly, and I want to know how to safely store the data." For Graystone Consulting's Brett Rodgriguez, it's about alternative investments. "There is a lot of interest from my clients on investing in private equity," he told me. He'll hear plenty on that topic. There's a panel on private equity led by Akash Shah (BNY), Shannon Saccocia (NB Private Wealth), Raj Dhanda (Ares Management), and John Christmas (HPS Investment Partners). Also high on the list is crypto. Many RIAs said they were unsure on how to advise their clients. They'll get some advice from a panel with Mike Novogratz (Galaxy Digital) and Anna Paglia (State Street Global Advisors) on the state of crypto. Also often mentioned was the state of the markets . A trio of chief investment officers will offer their view on the direction of the markets for the remainder of the year, including Bryan Whalen (TCW), Saira Malik (Nuveen), and Lauren Goodwin (New York Life Investments). Ahead of a crucial Federal Reserve meeting on Wednesday, my colleague Scott Wapner will be interviewing DoubleLine Capital's Jeff Gundlach on the main stage and will later interview him for CNBC's " Halftime Report ." ETF luminaries like Jan van Eck and Matt Hougan (Bitwise Asset Management) will discuss the current state of ETFs, including coming competition from tokenization. Then there's the entertainment There are several dozen social events, many of which are invitation only, topped off with DJ Mick and the rock band Third Eye Blind on Tuesday night, sometime in the wee hours. There's also plenty of amusing asides for the attendees. Panels on cybersecurity and estate planning are interspersed with classes on craft beer making and "Fish Taco Frenzy: Coastal Cooking Class." If that sounds a bit odd, it's not to any of the attendees. "It's all about team-building," one RIA from Michigan told me at one of the social events at last year's Future Proof. He had brought all seven members of his team, and was making the rounds talking to other RIAs about, what else? How to grow their businesses. Much of the actual work was being done at the social events and the "speed dating" events where RIAs were seeking help on how to run their businesses. Put it all together, and there's enough content and social events to take up about 15 hours of the day for the next few days. I tell you, it's exhausting, being part of the financial intelligentsia. Bob Pisani be doing ETF Edge on Monday from the conference, talking to conference organizer Barry Ritholtz and Jon Maier, chief ETF strategist for JP Morgan, on "Halftime Report" on Monday at 12:35 p.m. ET. ETF Edge will livestream at 1 p.m. ET, when Pisani be talking to Jan Van Eck, Marlena Lee from Dimensional Fund Advisors and Jon Maier. That's on ETFEdge.cnbc.com .

### DATE: 
2024-09-16

### Summary: 
More than 4,000 people have descended here for the Future Proof conference , a vast social gathering designed to give younger registered investment advisors and other investment professionals access to what they want.
What they want, apparently, is an intense desire to network with other RIAs and investment professionals and find ways to grow their business.
Reimagining the financial conference Future Proof is the brainchild of Barry Ritholtz, co-founder, chairman, and chief investment officer of Ritholtz Wealth Management, and CEO Josh Brown.
This is the third year for the conference, but Ritholtz and company have been doing conferences for 15 years.
Ritholtz describes it as an ongoing project to reinvent the financial conference concept, which he says is "moribund."

### Keywords: 
ritholtz
rias
state
financial
trying
social
gathering
proof
investment
town
surf
reinvent
conference
future
california
told
ai
theres

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 204


### TITLE: 
Here's why September and October are historically weak for stocks

### TEXT: 
Why are September and October historically weak for stocks? For answers, I turned to Mark Higgins, senior vice president at Index Fund Advisors and author of the book, Investing in U.S. Financial History: Understanding the Past to Forecast the Future.

The answers have been edited for clarity.

What is it with September and October being weak months for stocks? Has this always been the case?

Yes. The most intense panics on Wall Street have tended to occur during the late summer and early autumn months. This can be traced all the way back to the 1800s. A few notable examples of exceptional panics include Black Friday of 1869, the Panic of 1873 and the Panic of 1907.

But why September and October?

It is a byproduct of an old weakness in the U.S. financial system. Prior to the reintroduction of a central banking system with the passage of the Federal Reserve Act of 1913, the U.S. was limited in its ability to adjust the money supply in response to market conditions.

The inelasticity of the U.S. currency made the late summer and early autumn months an especially precarious time, due to the agricultural financing cycle. In the 1800s, the U.S. economy still relied heavily on agricultural production. For the first eight months of the year, American farmers had a limited need for capital, so excess funds held on deposit in state banks were shipped to New York banks or trust companies to earn a higher rate of return.

When harvest time arrived in August, state banks began withdrawing their capital from New York, as farmers drew on their accounts to fund transactions required to ship crops to market.

The agricultural financing cycle created chronic shortages of cash in New York City during the autumn months. If these shortages happened to coincide with a financial shock, there was little flexibility in the system to prevent a panic.

How did the government respond to these panics?

The limited ability of the government to react was the primary impetus for the passage of the Federal Reserve Act of 1913. The Act granted the Fed the power to serve as a lender of last resort during financial crises. Prior to the Act, leading financiers (most notably J.P. Morgan) were forced to assemble ad hoc solutions that relied primarily on private capital. After the U.S. barely avoided a catastrophic collapse of the financial system during the Panic of 1907, there was just enough political support for the return of the third and final iteration of a central banking system in the United States.

Did the creation of the Federal Reserve provide more stability to markets?

Yes, and if one compares the frequency, intensity and misery of financial panics during the 1800s, this is plainly evident. In fairness, the Fed made a few mistakes along the way, with the most notable being its failure to stop the contagion of bank failures in the 1930s. But, by and large, the U.S. financial system has been much more stable since the Federal Reserve became operational in late 1914.

Still, the U.S. economy is not primarily agricultural anymore. Why are September and October still weak months?

People tend to fear things that have happened before even if they don't remember the origin of the fear. It may be that the fall panics have repeated so many times that they have become a self-fulfilling prophecy. In other words, people expect them, and because they expect them, they behave in ways (i.e., reducing risk in late summer and early fall) that make them more likely. I know this sounds like a stretch, but it does seem like it may actually be real.

### DATE: 
2024-09-11

### Summary: 
Why are September and October historically weak for stocks?
It is a byproduct of an old weakness in the U.S. financial system.
The limited ability of the government to react was the primary impetus for the passage of the Federal Reserve Act of 1913.
Yes, and if one compares the frequency, intensity and misery of financial panics during the 1800s, this is plainly evident.
But, by and large, the U.S. financial system has been much more stable since the Federal Reserve became operational in late 1914.

### Keywords: 
agricultural
york
stocks
panics
system
federal
act
financial
historically
weak
months
reserve
late
heres

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 205


### TITLE: 
September is living up to its reputation as a difficult, choppy month

### TEXT: 
Pity the poor active trader. September is living up to its reputation as a difficult month. " Squirrelly " is how one trader described the market Tuesday. In other words, a tough, choppy market for investors. The markets opened positive, with a nice lift from Oracle , which is keeping the expanding artificial intelligence story going. The company's positive comments on AI helped lift the hyperscalers — Amazon , Microsoft and Alphabet — as well. Nvidia rose as much 2.8% early, only to fall as much as 1.4% later. But that was about it. None of the other semiconductors got a lift from Oracle. Everything else in the group is down, including STMicro, off 4.6% at midday, and Taiwan Semiconductor, lower by 2%. Elsewhere, banks, a former leadership group, have been trending down for the past week, and at midmorning, we got word of third-quarter guidance from JPMorgan Chase at a Barclays conference, where it said net interest income expectations for 2025 were "too high." Stock in the country's largest bank immediately sold off, and was recently down 7%. That alone is chopping about 100 points off the Dow Industrials. But Goldman Sachs , down about 5%, is also knocking about 160 points off the Dow. These were two major leadership stocks in the S & P 500. Both were at historic highs going into September — not anymore. Even regional banks such as Regions Financial , which opened up, reversed course and are now lower. The issues facing the market are well known: weak seasonals through October, concerns about a slowing jobs market and valuations that are still on the high side. Put this all together, and it reinforces the view that there is no reason to stick your neck out.

### DATE: 
2024-09-10

### Summary: 
September is living up to its reputation as a difficult month. "
The markets opened positive, with a nice lift from Oracle , which is keeping the expanding artificial intelligence story going.
The company's positive comments on AI helped lift the hyperscalers — Amazon , Microsoft and Alphabet — as well.
Everything else in the group is down, including STMicro, off 4.6% at midday, and Taiwan Semiconductor, lower by 2%.
Put this all together, and it reinforces the view that there is no reason to stick your neck out.

### Keywords: 
lift
trader
positive
lower
high
points
opened
market
choppy
reputation
month
living
leadership
oracle
difficult

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 206

Error parsing article 206: Article `download()` failed with HTTPSConnectionPool(host='www.cnbc.com', port=443): Read timed out. (read timeout=7) on URL https://www.cnbc.com/2024/09/06/bears-are-eager-to-front-run-a-recession-that-has-not-materialized.html


Parsing Article 206


### TITLE: 
The recession crowd has regained the stock market narrative, for now

### TEXT: 
Yesterday, commodity weakness in metals was widely attributed to Goldman Sachs, which cut its copper forecast because of projected weakness in China. Then there was concern that the August jobs report, out this Friday, was going to be weaker than expected (stop me if you've heard this before). Citigroup led the downside charge, putting out a call out for 125,000 jobs, far below consensus expectations for a gain of 161,000. This happens all the time now. Bulls cynically call it "the recessionista crowd," those folks who insist there is a serious slowdown coming. You can't blame the bulls for being cynical. Bears have been insisting we are going into a recession for the last two years. Now we are heading into another seasonally weak September-October, accompanied by new cries that a recession is imminent. Someday, the "recessionistas" are going to be right. But they've been terribly wrong for two years, and anyone trying to time a recession would have lost a lot of money. Every jobs number moves markets now In the meantime, every data point on jobs is a potentially market moving event. Even the weekly initial jobless claims, out every Thursday and not traditionally a market mover, is watched carefully now. This week, markets are expecting roughly 230,000 in jobless claims. What was it a year ago? About 234,000, almost exactly the same. We know the most likely playbook: if the data comes in better than feared, the Fed will cut 25 basis points and the market will rally. If the jobs data is weak, the market will panic again, but bulls have not abandoned the reasonable assumption that there is indeed a Fed "put" that will provide some kind of floor under the market, even if it is 5%-10% below the current level. Tom Lee from Fundstrat, who has been directionally correct all year, is in this camp. He told CNBC yesterday that stocks could see a 7%-10% pullback this fall, but then added that investors should be ready to "buy that dip." Nvidia's multiple is falling, not its earnings Meanwhile, there was much gnashing and wailing around Nvidia 's big 9% drop yesterday. An old friend, veteran trader Joe Zicherman, called me near the close and said this may be the biggest one-day dollar loss ever for a single stock, and he appears to be correct. Nvidia lost $279 billion in market value Tuesday. This looks like a record for a single day dollar loss in one stock. Previous big losses include Meta and Amazon in 2022. Big one-day losses Nvidia $279 billion (9/3/24) Meta: $232 billion (2/3/22) Amazon: $207 billion (4/29/22) These $200 billion dollar down days are getting to be a bit of a habit with Nvidia. CNBC's Robert Hum tells me this is the 5th time Nvidia has lost more than $200 billion in one session. But remember: they are taking down the multiple on Nvida, not the earnings. The forward multiple for Nvidia's current fiscal year (February 2024-February 2025) is now at 38.3, well below the 48 multiple in June. The forward multiple for Nvidia's next fiscal year (February 2025-February 2026) is 28.8, well below the 36 multiple in June. Not so the earnings estimates, which have been rising for all quarters for the foreseeable future, though as we have been noting, at a far more modest pace than last year. Nvidia is down again early Wednesday after reports of a DOJ subpoena around an antitrust probe . While Nvidia is certainly not a value stock, it is much more reasonably priced than it was two months ago.

### DATE: 
2024-09-04

### Summary: 
Every jobs number moves markets now In the meantime, every data point on jobs is a potentially market moving event.
Nvidia's multiple is falling, not its earnings Meanwhile, there was much gnashing and wailing around Nvidia 's big 9% drop yesterday.
Nvidia lost $279 billion in market value Tuesday.
The forward multiple for Nvidia's next fiscal year (February 2025-February 2026) is 28.8, well below the 36 multiple in June.
While Nvidia is certainly not a value stock, it is much more reasonably priced than it was two months ago.

### Keywords: 
nvidia
regained
lost
market
narrative
yesterday
multiple
billion
nvidias
jobs
recession
crowd
stock

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 207


### TITLE: 
September's poor history is hard to ignore, but market has many things on its side including the Fed

### TEXT: 
The bad news is that September is the worst month of the year, but there's plenty of good news to balance out the bad. The bad news: seasonality and the elections September is the worst month of the year for the Dow Industrials, S & P 500, NASDAQ and Russell 2000, according to the Stock Trader's Almanac. "While momentum usually overrides seasonal concerns, September is hard to ignore – it is the only month down on average," Frank Gretz from Wellington Shields said in a Friday note to clients. The last four Septembers have been particularly ugly. September is the only month that has been lower in each of the past 4 years, our Robert Hum tells me. S & P 500 in September: It's been ugly recently (rounded) 2023: down 5% 2022: down 9% 2021: down 5% 2020: down 4% The elections are another wildcard. Many traders believe the outcome will not be known for some time after the November 5th election, adding a layer of risk to what is normally the start of a seasonally strong period. The good news outweighs the bad Seasonality aside, the market is riding a wave of momentum, and with good reason: 1) The market "broadening" trend is very real. Two-thirds of the S & P 500 was up in August. The NYSE advance/decline line hit an all-time high. More than 70% of the stocks on the NYSE are above their 200-day moving average. Most importantly, the Equal-Weight S & P 500 (RSP) modestly outperformed the S & P 500 in August and closed Friday at an historic high. Megacap Tech did not have a bad month, but aside from Meta it was not a leadership group: Megacap tech: lackluster August Meta up 9.8% Apple up 3.1% Nvidia up 2.0% Microsoft down 0.3% Alphabet down 4.5% Amazon down 4.6% Other sectors were leaders: Sectors in August Consumer Staples up 5.8% Real Estate up 5.6% Health Care up 5.0% Utilities up 4.4% Technology up 1.1% 2) Earnings remain strong. Earnings topped 13% growth in the second quarter and are expected to remain strong for the rest of the year. 2024 S & P earnings: still strong Q2: up 13.0% Q3est. : up 5.7% Q4 est.: up 13.5% 2025 est.: up 15% Source: LSEG These numbers have not changed appreciably in several months. 3) Sentiment is bullish but not wildly so. The weekly poll of members of the American Association of Individual Investors indicates bullishness at 51.2%, above the long term average of 37.5%, but that's mostly because a chunk of people who were neutral have become more optimistic. Bearish sentiment is not far off from its historic average. Bulls vs. Bears Bullish: 51.2% (avg. 37.5%) Neutral: 21.9% (avg. 31.5%) Bearish: 27.0% (avg. 31.0%) Source: AAII 4) Inflation is waning. The July Core PCE, the Fed's preferred gauge of inflation, dropped to 2.5%, within reach of the Fed's 2% inflation target. Is the "Fed put" back? Another important support for markets: Fed rate cuts are expected. At Jackson Hole, chairman Jerome Powell made it clear that the Fed had shifted its attention from fighting inflation to the job market. According to the CME FedWatch, the vast majority of traders (69.5%) believe the Fed will cut 25 basis points in September, 32% believe a 50 basis point cut is possible. It makes sense most traders don't think the Fed needs to be very aggressive yet: with the job market still relatively strong, most traders don't expect the Fed to get aggressive unless it has to. "I'm a little concerned if they did something more aggressive, as much as 50 basis points, because I'm concerned that market participants may view that as the Fed seeing something scary in their economic data and are moving aggressively to get in front of that," David Smith, chief investment officer at Rockland Trust, said in an interview on CNBC on Friday. Still, most market observers believe that any sign of significant job deterioration will likely be met with more rate cuts from the Fed. This belief in a Fed "put" is helping support the bull position that any sell-off around job deterioration will be short lived as the Fed is helping put a floor under the market.

Traders work on the floor at the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) in New York City, U.S., August 28, 2024. Brendan McDermid | Reuters

The bad news is that September is the worst month of the year, but there's plenty of good news to balance out the bad.

The bad news: seasonality and the elections

September is the worst month of the year for the Dow Industrials, S&P 500, NASDAQ and Russell 2000, according to the Stock Trader's Almanac. "While momentum usually overrides seasonal concerns, September is hard to ignore – it is the only month down on average," Frank Gretz from Wellington Shields said in a Friday note to clients. The last four Septembers have been particularly ugly. September is the only month that has been lower in each of the past 4 years, our Robert Hum tells me. S&P 500 in September: It's been ugly recently (rounded) 2023: down 5%

2022: down 9%

2021: down 5%

2020: down 4% The elections are another wildcard. Many traders believe the outcome will not be known for some time after the November 5th election, adding a layer of risk to what is normally the start of a seasonally strong period.

The good news outweighs the bad

Seasonality aside, the market is riding a wave of momentum, and with good reason: 1) The market "broadening" trend is very real. Two-thirds of the S&P 500 was up in August. The NYSE advance/decline line hit an all-time high. More than 70% of the stocks on the NYSE are above their 200-day moving average. Most importantly, the Equal-Weight S&P 500 (RSP) modestly outperformed the S&P 500 in August and closed Friday at an historic high. Megacap Tech did not have a bad month, but aside from Meta it was not a leadership group: Megacap tech: lackluster August Meta up 9.8%

Apple up 3.1%

Nvidia up 2.0%

Microsoft down 0.3%

Alphabet down 4.5%

Amazon down 4.6% Other sectors were leaders: Sectors in August Consumer Staples up 5.8%

Real Estate up 5.6%

Health Care up 5.0%

Utilities up 4.4%

Technology up 1.1% 2) Earnings remain strong. Earnings topped 13% growth in the second quarter and are expected to remain strong for the rest of the year. 2024 S&P earnings: still strong Q2: up 13.0%

Q3est. : up 5.7%

Q4 est.: up 13.5%

2025 est.: up 15% Source: LSEG These numbers have not changed appreciably in several months. 3) Sentiment is bullish but not wildly so. The weekly poll of members of the American Association of Individual Investors indicates bullishness at 51.2%, above the long term average of 37.5%, but that's mostly because a chunk of people who were neutral have become more optimistic. Bearish sentiment is not far off from its historic average. Bulls vs. Bears Bullish: 51.2% (avg. 37.5%)

Neutral: 21.9% (avg. 31.5%)

Bearish: 27.0% (avg. 31.0%) Source: AAII 4) Inflation is waning. The July Core PCE, the Fed's preferred gauge of inflation, dropped to 2.5%, within reach of the Fed's 2% inflation target.

Is the "Fed put" back?

### DATE: 
2024-09-03

### Summary: 
The good news outweighs the bad Seasonality aside, the market is riding a wave of momentum, and with good reason: 1) The market "broadening" trend is very real.
At Jackson Hole, chairman Jerome Powell made it clear that the Fed had shifted its attention from fighting inflation to the job market.
S&P 500 in September: It's been ugly recently (rounded) 2023: down 5%2022: down 9%2021: down 5%2020: down 4% The elections are another wildcard.
Two-thirds of the S&P 500 was up in August.
Most importantly, the Equal-Weight S&P 500 (RSP) modestly outperformed the S&P 500 in August and closed Friday at an historic high.

### Keywords: 
septembers
inflation
history
market
fed
hard
poor
bad
average
ignore
traders
month
strong
500
sp
things
including

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 208


### TITLE: 
Nvidia may find it hard to impress Wall Street with earnings bar raised so high

### TEXT: 
Believe it or not, it's tough being Nvidia . The dominant maker of processors for use in artificial intelligence has soared 720% since ChatGPT was introduced in Nov. 2022. It's seen the biggest gain in the S & P 500 this year too, up 160% heading into its earnings results Wednesday evening. At $3.16 trillion, it is now the second-most valuable company on the U.S. stock market, just behind Apple's $3.46 trillion. Earnings and revenues have doubled in the past year. Nvidia has not only grown earnings and revenues, it has consistently surprised Wall Street, beating on the top and bottom lines for six straight quarters. And that's the problem: Wall Street has come to believe that beats and raises are part of the DNA for Jensen Huang's company. "It's hard to keep raising the bar," Josh Brown of Ritholtz Wealth Management noted on CNBC Tuesday. Most analysts remain bullish, but agree it's getting tougher to impress Wall Street. "The outperformance of the stock...indicates a high bar for execution," Susquehanna analyst Christopher Rolland said in a recent note to clients. It's not just that it's getting tougher to beat expectations. Two other warning flags have become evident in the last two quarters. Slowing rate of change in earnings growth There are two important trends to follow in earnings. The first is whether earnings are going up or down. But the second trend is just as important: whether the trend is accelerating or decelerating. If earnings for XYZ stock were rising 5% in 2022, then rising 10% in 2023, and are expected to rise 15% in 2024, that is good because: 1) earnings are going up, and 2) the rate of change of the earnings is increasing. In the case of Nvidia, earnings are continuing to increase, but the rate of change is decelerating. Nvidia earnings (year-over-year % change) Feb. 2025 (est.) + 52% Nov. 2024 (est.) + 77% Aug. 2024 (est.) + 138% May 2024 + 461% Feb. 2024 + 486% Nov. 2023 + 593% Aug. 2023 + 429% Source: LSEG You can see Nvidia's peak change in year-over-year earnings growth occurred toward the end of last year, and has been rapidly declining since. This earnings report will likely be the final time in this stretch that Nvidia will see triple-digit earnings growth. Another issue: even though Nvidia's stock price is up, the earnings multiple (P/E ratio), or how much an investor is willing to pay for a future stream of earnings, has also increased. The forward multiple has increased from 40 times earnings to 47 for this fiscal year (February 2024-February 2025), and from 23 to 33 for the following fiscal year (February 2025-February 2026). For fundamental investors, both of these signs (decelerating earnings growth, higher multiple) are cautionary flags. "There are some things I've learned in my two decades on Wall Street: when you've got expensive valuations and decelerating growth rates from astronomical valuations, there is not a lot of margin for error," Lori Calvasina, head of U.S. equity strategy at RBC Capital Markets, told CNBC at the end of June, while discussing Nvidia's earnings growth. Magnitude of earnings beats getting smaller Another set of numbers that have gotten smaller – the magnitude of Nvidia's beats is getting smaller. This indicates analysts are getting caught off-guard to a lesser extent than they were in prior quarters. It's a sign it's getting tougher to impress Wall Street. Nvidia: earnings surprises are getting smaller (earnings beat) May 2024: 10% Feb. 2024: 11% Nov. 2023 19% Aug. 2023 29% Source: LSEG Nvidia's impact on S & P 500 earnings also slowing Nvidia earnings are still the most important of the season. But the impact has been shrinking – just as the overall Mag 7 impact has been diminishing with second quarter earnings growth broadening out. Last season (Q1), Nvidia was responsible for a little more than one-third of the S & P 500's 8% earnings growth. This quarter though, it's expected to make up just 16% of the index's nearly 13% growth. There are two major issues for Nvidia: will spending on AI continue at its breakneck pace, even if profitability is elusive, and will Nvidia be able to keep rolling out new and innovative products? On the AI spending front, despite concerns about an "air pocket" in demand, Nvidia's largest customers continue to keep spending. Microsoft and Meta Platforms , two of Nvidia's largest customers, have indicated spending remains strong. "Neither one of them have given any indication they are lessening their orders to Nvidia," Josh Brown noted, adding that 45% of Microsoft's capital expenditures are going to Nvidia. Analysts agree that spending remains strong. "With U.S. cloud and social media companies pointing to data center (and particularly AI) investment as the catalyst for increased spending, and reiterating their commitment to investing in AI we see this shift as boding well for NVDA's CQ2 results," Wedbush analyst Matt Bryson said, raising his fiscal second quarter estimates. As for new product, there have been concerns about delays in Nvdia's Blackwell graphics processing unit (GPU), which is supposed to deliver much faster performance than its Hopper predecessor, and was supposed to be released in 2024. CEO Huang had previously said he expected to see "a lot" of Blackwell revenue this year. Analysts seem unconcerned about any potential delays in the Blackwell GPUs. "Our discussions with industry participants suggest that potential delays are likely to be measured in months rather than quarters," Stifel said in a note to clients last week. "We are confident that the Blackwell delay will be resolved, and not prove materially detrimental to NVDA or any one of its multitude of industry partners." Evercore analyst Mark Lipacis, in a note to clients, said "while a negative announcement could have a negative 5%-to-10% near term impact to the stock, NVDA has proven adept at quickly coming up with alternative solutions. Furthermore, should a delay manifest, we believe demand is so strong ... that current generation Hopper solutions would be purchased even if Blackwell was pushed." "The ramp of the H200 [GPU] and forthcoming Blackwell launch likely means AI demand outstrips supply through at least mid-calendar 2025, as Generative AI and investments in large language models are driving robust demand," CFRA Research analyst Angelo Zino said in a recent note. Most believe AI 'ramp' in early stages Ultimately whether you are a bull or a bear on Nvidia depends on where you believe we are in the " AI ramp ." Most analysts remain believers that we are at the start of a much larger ramp, a position long maintained by tech uber-bull Dan Ives at Wedbush. "While investors may fret about this massive spending wave and frustrated that top-line growth/margins from these investments could take time to materialize this ultimately speaks to our view this is a 1995 (almost 1996) start of the Internet Moment and not a 1999 Tech Bubble-like moment," Ives said. And that is what keeps the true believers buying, despite the warning flags. "Any earnings disappointment from Nvidia has been an unbelievable opportunity to buy over the long term," Brown said.

### DATE: 
2024-08-28

### Summary: 
Slowing rate of change in earnings growth There are two important trends to follow in earnings.
In the case of Nvidia, earnings are continuing to increase, but the rate of change is decelerating.
This earnings report will likely be the final time in this stretch that Nvidia will see triple-digit earnings growth.
But the impact has been shrinking – just as the overall Mag 7 impact has been diminishing with second quarter earnings growth broadening out.
Last season (Q1), Nvidia was responsible for a little more than one-third of the S & P 500's 8% earnings growth.

### Keywords: 
nvidia
blackwell
high
earnings
2024
hard
growth
raised
street
impress
nvidias
getting
spending
bar
ai
wall

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 209


### TITLE: 
The explosion of online sports betting is taking a toll on how people invest

### TEXT: 
Algerina Perna | Baltimore Sun | MCT | Getty Images

The explosion of online sports betting is taking a toll on personal finances, particularly among those who are financially distressed. That's the conclusion of a recent paper, "Gambling Away Stability: Sports Betting's Impact on Vulnerable Households." The authors found that sports betting has exploded since the Supreme Court overturned a federal law prohibiting it in 2018. Since then, 38 states have legalized it and it has become a growth industry, generating more than $120 billion in total bets and $11 billion in revenue in 2023 alone. That has put considerable sums into state coffers, but it has come at a notable personal expense to gamblers and their families. Those who participate tend to invest less and have higher debt levels. "Our results show that not only does sports betting lead to increased betting activity, but it also leads to higher credit card balances, less available credit, a reduction in net investments, and an increase in lottery play," the authors concluded. The authors noted these negative effects were particularly noticeable among "financially constrained households." That term was not defined, but the implication is that this group typically has lower savings, lower cash levels to cover expenses, higher debt levels and lower net worth.

Investing takes a hit

The authors used a quarterly panel of 230,171 households in states that have legalized gambling. About 7.7% of the households made online sports bets, with a household average of $1,100 a year. Not surprisingly, people who gamble on sports have less money to invest, particularly in the stock market. The authors found a large decrease in net deposits to traditional brokerage accounts. "Two to three years after betting becomes legal, there is a noticeable drop in net investment relative to states where betting is not yet legal," the report said. The authors estimate that legalization reduces net investments by bettors by nearly 14%, and that every dollar spent on sports betting reduces net investment by $2.13.

More debt, overdrawn bank accounts

But the implications are much broader. "The increase in betting and consumption drives an increase in financial instability in terms of decreased credit availability, increased credit card debt, and a higher incidence rate of overdrawing bank accounts," the authors said. This is particularly true for financially constrained households. The higher credit card debt indicates that these households are not just shifting funds from one type of entertainment to another (for example, shifting money from betting on lotteries to betting on sports). Instead, they are "becoming more indebted to fund an addictive losing proposition." Again, lower-income households suffer disproportionately. The bottom one-third of households by income had the largest increase in spending on sports gambling relative to income.

Bettors vs. nonbettors

There were notable differences between the characteristics of bettors and nonbettors. Both groups had similar incomes, but bettors displayed riskier behavior. They were more than twice as likely as nonbettors to have ever invested in crypto or ever overdrawn their bank account. They were four times more likely to have played online poker or purchased lottery tickets. These results are consistent with several prior studies. One 2009 study concluded gambling‐related activity is greater among low‐income investors, who tend to excessively bet on state lotteries and also are overweight risky, lottery‐type stocks.

In a pickle

### DATE: 
2024-08-21

### Summary: 
Algerina Perna | Baltimore Sun | MCT | Getty ImagesThe explosion of online sports betting is taking a toll on personal finances, particularly among those who are financially distressed.
The authors found that sports betting has exploded since the Supreme Court overturned a federal law prohibiting it in 2018.
Those who participate tend to invest less and have higher debt levels.
"Two to three years after betting becomes legal, there is a noticeable drop in net investment relative to states where betting is not yet legal," the report said.
The higher credit card debt indicates that these households are not just shifting funds from one type of entertainment to another (for example, shifting money from betting on lotteries to betting on sports).

### Keywords: 
taking
betting
toll
explosion
net
credit
online
debt
particularly
invest
higher
states
authors
households
increase

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 210


### TITLE: 
Powerful stock market rally still underpinned by huge number of advancing stocks

### TEXT: 
It's tempting to ignore the markets in the next two weeks, traditionally among the lightest trading days of the year. But there is still a powerful rally occurring. CNBC's Robert Hum tells me both the S & P 500 and Nasdaq Composite are up eight straight sessions — the longest advances since November of last year for the S & P 500 and December for the Nasdaq. The S & P has risen 7% over the past eight trading days. That would be its strongest eight-day win streak since the nearly 12% rally in March 2003. Another positive factor: market breadth (advancing vs. declining stocks) has been on a tear. Lowry, the nation's oldest technical analysis service, noted on Friday that the New York Stock Exchange advance/decline line hit an all-time high on Aug. 15. That is one of the best technical signals you can get. It's hard to argue there is a market top with the advance/decline line at an all-time high. Markets now It's happening again Monday: 2-1 advancing to declining stocks on the NYSE, and the S & P 500 ahead 25 points. Tech is lagging but, elsewhere, defensive stocks are strong, with real estate, health care and consumer staples leading. The tech rally appears to have stalled out. Big-cap tech is mixed today, with particular weakness in semis. There is a fairly wide dispersion this month among big-cap tech, with Meta and Nvidia up, Apple flattish and Alphabet and Amazon both down in mid-single digits. Megacap tech this month Meta + 11.2% Nvidia +6.0% Apple +1.0% Alphabet -3.6% Amazon -5.0% Where are we? On the positive side, the soft landing scenario is still intact: Economic data shows some slowing but job growth IS still strong, the Fed is expected to begin cutting rates in a few weeks and earnings have been remarkably stable, even if some companies are experiencing pricing pressure. Perhaps most importantly, the recent volatility in early August caused a significant unwind of many crowded trades, including parts of the yen carry trade , that may help make markets a little less volatile. Market positives Economic data supportive of growth Fed easing expected Earnings stable Partial unwind of crowded trades On the negative side, other than the week after Christmas, the next two weeks are the lightest volume days of the year, when volume typically drops 20% below average. Also, September to October remain among the worst months of the year. Finally, although earnings growth expectations remain strong at roughly 10% this year and 15% next year, valuations are still very high, leaving little room for error. Market negatives End of August: Traditionally light volume September to October rough months Valuations high: little room for error

### DATE: 
2024-08-19

### Summary: 
CNBC's Robert Hum tells me both the S & P 500 and Nasdaq Composite are up eight straight sessions — the longest advances since November of last year for the S & P 500 and December for the Nasdaq.
The S & P has risen 7% over the past eight trading days.
Another positive factor: market breadth (advancing vs. declining stocks) has been on a tear.
Markets now It's happening again Monday: 2-1 advancing to declining stocks on the NYSE, and the S & P 500 ahead 25 points.
The tech rally appears to have stalled out.

### Keywords: 
underpinned
high
stocks
rally
market
advancing
s
huge
weeks
volume
stock
tech
p
strong
powerful
number

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 211


### TITLE: 
The 'soft landing' hypothesis is alive and well: What retail sales and Walmart earnings tell us

### TEXT: 
Inflation relief was palpable this week, with both the producer price index and consumer price index reinforcing that inflation is trending down. The real issue for the market was an emerging "growth slowdown" narrative, and fears about how far it would go. Today's retail sales report (up 1.0% month over month, up 0.4% ex-autos, well above expectations of an 0.3% and 0.1% gain, respectively) and strong commentary on the consumer by Walmart reinforces that the consumer may be slowing, but is still resilient. Bottom line: the soft landing is very much alive. Where the markets are now The S & P 500 has executed a complete round trip, from roughly 5,500 just prior to the jobs report, to the 5,186 close on Aug. 5, and now back to roughly 5,500. .SPX 1M mountain S & P 500 Index over the past month. Same with CBOE Volatility Index (VIX) . It's made a complete round trip in the same period. Fear spiked to levels not seen since Covid, and then quickly receded, moving from 15 to 60 to 15. This has all happened while market sentiment has remained mostly neutral. One investor sentiment gauge, the weekly survey of investors for the American Association of Individual Investors, is largely neutral: Bulls vs. Bears (AAII weekly survey, ended Aug. 14) Bullish 42.5% (historic avg. 37.5%) Neutral 28.6% (historic avg. 31.5%) Bearish 28.9% (historic avg. 31.0%) Source: AAII During periods of euphoria, bullish levels go into the low 50s, so a reading in the low 40s is well below euphoria. Let's look at other measures of the market: Inflation: Trending lower Interest rates: Rate cuts expected Growth: Slowing but no recession (Atlanta Fed projects Q3 GDP at 2.9%) Earnings: Holding The fact that earnings growth estimates are holding up is critical. S & P 500 earnings growth of 10% is expected in 2024, and 15% growth is seen for 2025. These estimates are little changed in recent months. True, revenue growth hasn't been as strong, and much of the reason earnings are holding up is cost cutting. That, and the need for more revenue, is a clear issue for 2025. Regardless, inflation is moderating. Growth is slowing, but no recession is apparent Interest rate cuts coming and earnings are still holding up. That is practically the definition of the soft landing. If none of that impresses you, here is Walmart CFO John David Rainey in a CNBC interview: "In this environment, it's responsible or prudent to be a little bit guarded with the outlook, but we're not projecting a recession."

### DATE: 
2024-08-15

### Summary: 
Inflation relief was palpable this week, with both the producer price index and consumer price index reinforcing that inflation is trending down.
.SPX 1M mountain S & P 500 Index over the past month.
S & P 500 earnings growth of 10% is expected in 2024, and 15% growth is seen for 2025.
True, revenue growth hasn't been as strong, and much of the reason earnings are holding up is cost cutting.
Growth is slowing, but no recession is apparent Interest rate cuts coming and earnings are still holding up.

### Keywords: 
retail
earnings
sales
alive
inflation
holding
tell
s
slowing
growth
index
hypothesis
landing
soft
p
neutral
recession
walmart

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 212


### TITLE: 
Dip buyers vindicated as CPI report revives economic 'soft landing' scenario

### TEXT: 
The big worry for the market was a growth slowdown, but continued relief on inflation is the market story this week. The July consumer price index report was the last hurdle needed to give the all-clear for a Federal Reserve rate cut in September. Prices excluding food and energy rose 0.2% month over month, in line with expectations. Year on year, they gained 3.2% — also in line. The CME FedWatch tool, which measures market expectations for changes in the federal funds rate, shows a 58.5% probability of a 25 basis-point cut in rates in September and a 41.5% chance for a 50 basis-point cut. Investors are betting on lower rates in Treasurys as well. JPMorgan's Treasury client survey showed net long positions among clients at their highest since December, Bloomberg News reported . Stocks are opening up, with semiconductors — which are the tip of the spear for any broad rally — leading. This is the second day in a row that stocks have reacted with relief to an inflation report. Yesterday's July PPI pushed stocks up. That rally was so strong that Home Depot, which gave disappointing guidance for the year in its earnings report and was down in premarket trading, rose on the inflation report and ended the day up 1.2%. Where are we? The S & P 500 is now back to where it was just before the disappointing jobs report on Aug. 2. The S & P technology sector ETF (XLK) is also back to levels before the jobs report. Tech bellwether Nvidia is trading above its close on Aug. 1. The Cboe Volatility Index (VIX) has collapsed to 17 — also where it was just before the jobs report. Despite the growth scare that followed the jobs report, there are no signs of an imminent recession. The Atlanta Fed GDPNow model estimates GDP growth of 2.9% for the third quarter. Earnings are remaining steady. Third-quarter estimates for the S & P 500 are slightly lower than when the quarter began (up 13.6% year-over-year vs. up 14.8% on July 1), but that is entirely normal. Estimates tend to decline after the first month of the quarter, as analysts adjust overly-optimistic estimates. Overall estimates for 2024 are little changed (up 10.5% year-over-year) and for 2025 as well (up 14.9%). So, what do we have? We have easing inflation; a modest growth scare that has markets betting on easing; and a modest valuation reset in tech that is quickly reversing. Seems like the softish-landing scenario is still alive, with investors quickly snapping up part of the market that were 5% cheaper a few days ago. We'll see about retail sales, due Thursday. That metric has been trending lower. Investors are convinced there is a slowdown in the consumer, and based on earnings reports, there is good reason to have that concern. That could be a catalyst for another modest sell-off. For the moment, it seems like a hard sell to argue to bail out of stocks. We may not have a big reason to move to new highs, but relief on inflation is the big story.

### DATE: 
2024-08-14

### Summary: 
This is the second day in a row that stocks have reacted with relief to an inflation report.
The S & P 500 is now back to where it was just before the disappointing jobs report on Aug. 2.
The S & P technology sector ETF (XLK) is also back to levels before the jobs report.
The Cboe Volatility Index (VIX) has collapsed to 17 — also where it was just before the jobs report.
Despite the growth scare that followed the jobs report, there are no signs of an imminent recession.

### Keywords: 
market
growth
dip
relief
landing
soft
vindicated
cpi
estimates
stocks
s
quarter
scenario
jobs
report
inflation
buyers
revives
economic

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 213


### TITLE: 
A guide to the wild week of trading, from Monday's 'flash crash' to the yen to the volatility spike

### TEXT: 
Let's breakdown all the wild market action from this week and how investors at home should evaluate it. Low macro visibility is causing big problems. True, there is not a lot of confidence in a soft landing, but investors are all over the map on where the economy is going. Because of that, it has turned into a good news/bad news market. Watching the yen Here's the good news: We appear to be decoupling from the Japanese yen carry trade. The currency strengthened dramatically into Monday on fears of higher rates in Japan, but Bank of Japan officials appear to have blinked, affirming they would not be raising rates when the market is this unstable. FXY 5D mountain Invesco CurrencyShares Japanese Yen Trust The exchange-traded fund of the week, the Invesco CurrencyShares Japanese Yen Trust (FXY) , which tracks the price of the yen, has dropped two days in a row. This indicates the currency is declining. Watching Wall Street's 'fear gauge' And now the bad news: The muddy macro outlook, combined with a weak seasonal period, will likely keep the Cboe Volatility Index (VIX) elevated. With Wall Street's "fear gauge" still near 30, investors are expecting twice as much daily volatility as when the VIX is at 15, which was only a few weeks ago. .VIX YTD mountain Cboe Volatility Index in 2024 That is literally what the VIX measures: expectations for volatility over the next 30 days. The VIX futures curve remains in backwardation . That is, the price of the cash VIX and front-month VIX futures contracts (August, September and October) are higher than contracts that are further out. That is unusual, and it's a sign that investors expect concerns about the macro environment and seasonality to persist for the next several months. Traditionally, August through October marks the weakest period of the year. Watching the economy The good news: The consensus still seems to be that currently we are not in a recession, which JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon affirmed on our air Wednesday afternoon. The bad news: The economy is slowing — it's just not clear how much. Travel and hotel companies have indicated a modest slowdown is underway. Correction vs. 'flash crash' vs. bear market The good news: So far, this is a garden-variety correction, with the S & P 500 down roughly 10% from its all-time high at Monday's low of the session. There is an old saying: The difference between a correction and a bear market is that a correction is about people worrying about bad things happening. A bear market is where bad things really do happen. "We have the former, but not the latter," Alec Young, chief investment strategist at MAPsignals, told me. Was Monday a 'flash crash'? I bet you haven't heard that phrase in a long time. A "flash crash" is a sudden and severe price drop that lasts for a very short period, usually a few hours. Is that what happened on Monday? Mark Higgins, senior vice president at Index Fund Advisors and author of "Investing in U.S. Financial History: Understanding the Past to Forecast the Future ," thinks it might fit the criteria. "It appears that the sell-off of August 5th qualified as a flash crash, although it was rather modest by historical standards," he told me. Whatever you want to call what happened on Monday, a key lesson during these periods of market turbulence is that most investors should do absolutely nothing . "The same thing [panics over real or imagined recessions] has happened not only before but multiple times before," Higgins, a student of financial history, told me. Almost invariably, selling during panics is a mistake for long-term investors. Don't let your emotions get the best of you, Higgins said. His best advice: Act like you're 200 years old and you have seen this all before. "If you think like a 2-year-old you are going to do dumb things," Higgins said. "A 2-year-old sees everything for the first time. If you think like a 2-year-old, you're going to overreact." "Instead, think like a 200-year-old," he said. "If you're 200 years old, you've seen this many times before. You're better off sticking to a long-term plan." Higgins retold a story about an investor during the October 1987 crash , which saw the Dow Jones Industrial Average drop 22.6%. "My family ran funeral homes for about 150 years," he told me. During the 1987 flash crash, Higgins said an investor was trying to orchestrate trades on the phone while he was preparing to go to his relative's funeral. "His uncle [who was a police officer] pinned him against the wall and threatened to punch him out if he didn't hang up the phone and get in the limo to go to church," Higgins told me. "Not only did it spare him alienation from the family, but it also probably saved him a lot of money," he said.

### DATE: 
2024-08-08

### Summary: 
.VIX YTD mountain Cboe Volatility Index in 2024 That is literally what the VIX measures: expectations for volatility over the next 30 days.
Was Monday a 'flash crash'?
A "flash crash" is a sudden and severe price drop that lasts for a very short period, usually a few hours.
"It appears that the sell-off of August 5th qualified as a flash crash, although it was rather modest by historical standards," he told me.
During the 1987 flash crash, Higgins said an investor was trying to orchestrate trades on the phone while he was preparing to go to his relative's funeral.

### Keywords: 
volatility
vix
market
spike
investors
youre
flash
week
crash
told
wild
higgins
mondays
guide
trading
yen

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 214

Error parsing article 214: Article `download()` failed with HTTPSConnectionPool(host='www.cnbc.com', port=443): Read timed out. (read timeout=7) on URL https://www.cnbc.com/2024/08/06/the-yen-carry-trade-unwind-a-big-complication-for-global-markets.html


Parsing Article 214


### TITLE: 
The big issue for stocks: How real is the recession risk?

### TEXT: 
Recession fears are growing on Wall Street after the release of disappointing U.S. economic data and a global market sell-off that led to the biggest one-day drop in the Japanese Nikkei 225 going back to 1987. But how real is that risk? Much depends on where you guess the economy is going: There is not a necessary relationship between earnings and U.S. GDP growth (many companies have large international operations), but 2% GDP growth is often associated with earnings growth of 6%-10%. It's about earnings growth and the forward multiple S & P 500 earnings are expected to be up roughly 15% next year, well above the average, which usually hovers a few points above or below 10%. S & P 500 earnings estimates: 2024: $243.53 2025: $279.65 (up 14.8%) Source: LSEG That would require not just tech earnings to remain strong, but overall earnings would have to be above average. While there is room for some weakness, that would require a still-strong economy. If you think we are going into a recession, that estimate of 15% earnings growth is clearly wrong. But how wrong? If GDP contracts, earnings growth could go to zero or negative. That's what a recession is: negative GDP growth. During the last recession, in 2020, earnings growth dropped 13% year-over-year, though they recovered quickly in 2021. Another issue is the forward earnings multiple, or P/E ratio, which is a measure of how much investors are paying for $1 of future earnings. Using 2025 earnings estimates, the forward multiple has contracted considerably in the last two months, from a high of 20.8 to roughly 19.1 now. Even with a lower multiple, anything near 20 is reflective of an expanding economy, not a contracting economy, so that would also be wrong in the event of a recession. A typical recessionary multiple can be anywhere from 13-16. What's amazing about multiples is that it can contract even when earnings are rising. S & P 500 earnings were up 5% between 2021 and 2022 and a measly 1% between 2022 and 2023, but the forward multiple collapsed from the low 20s to 16 in the middle of 2022. What happened? Everyone was convinced we were going into another recession as the Fed raised rates to combat inflation. But it didn't happen. No recession. Still, the S & P 500 ended the year down 18%. How to game this out? First, a garden variety correction (down 10%), would bring the S & P 500 to about 5,100, about 200 points below where it is now. Beyond that, tell me roughly where the GDP is going to be, and we can bat around earnings and multiple estimates. Let's sketch out four scenarios. The current scenario, where we are now, has 2025 earnings growth at 15%, with a multiple of 19.1. The S & P 500 is at roughly 5,346 ($243.53 x 15% growth x 19.1 = 5,346). First forward scenario: Let's start with a bullish assessment: GDP remains at roughly 2% and international markets are stable. In that case, even if earnings expectations drop to 10% from 15%, the forward multiple is unlikely to slip into recession territory. So let's assume 10% earnings growth for 2025 and because the economy is still growing, let's keep the multiple at 19. That would get you to 5,089 on the S & P 500 ($243.53x 10% growth x 19 = 5,089). Second scenario: Let's assume 10% earnings growth for 2025 and let's say a lower, more historically normal multiple of 17. That would get you to 4,554 on the S & P 500 ($243.53x 10% growth x 17 = 4,554). 4,554 would be about 15% lower than where we are now and would leave the S & P 500 negative on the year (the S & P closed 2024 at 4,769). Third scenario: Bearish. If GDP went to zero or below, the numbers can get much worse. In that case let's assume earnings go to up 5% instead of 15% and the multiple will go to 15, and you get to 3,835 on the S & P 500 ($243.53 x 5% growth x 15 = 3,835). The only reason I am keep earnings up 5% rather than flat or negative is that even in a recession it is reasonable to assume tech earnings will keep growing. So here is a range of estimates(using 2025 earnings ests.): Current situation: 15% earnings growth, 19.1 P/E = S & P 5,300 Lower growth, same P/E 10% earnings growth, 19 P/E = S & P 5,089 Lower growth, lower P/E: 10% earnings growth 17 P/E = S & P 4,554 Bearish: 5% earnings growth 15 P/E = S & P 3,835 Recession, really? Remember 2022 All of this begs the question, are we over-reacting a bit? There's a big difference between a growth slowdown and a recession. The jobs numbers were 4.3% unemployment and 114,000 jobs added. That is nowhere near recessionary. "114,000 jobs really is not that bad in the grand scheme of things," Cameron Dawson from NewEdge Wealth said on our air Friday. "It depends on what you think the neutral level of jobs should be. If it's 150,00, 114,000 is not bad. If you think it should be closer to 200,000-300,000 then that 114,000 is pretty bad." Keith Lerner at Truist Wealth noted that average job growth in recent years has been around 170,000, not far off from the July print and close to the pre-pendemic level. The fact that there has been such an enormous move in stocks and particularly Treasury yields in the last week is a sign the market has been a bit offsides on the growth story. But it's not a sign of recession. Remember 2022: Everyone was convinced of an imminent recession. Everyone was wrong.

### DATE: 
2024-08-05

### Summary: 
If you think we are going into a recession, that estimate of 15% earnings growth is clearly wrong.
During the last recession, in 2020, earnings growth dropped 13% year-over-year, though they recovered quickly in 2021.
Another issue is the forward earnings multiple, or P/E ratio, which is a measure of how much investors are paying for $1 of future earnings.
First, a garden variety correction (down 10%), would bring the S & P 500 to about 5,100, about 200 points below where it is now.
): Current situation: 15% earnings growth, 19.1 P/E = S & P 5,300 Lower growth, same P/E 10% earnings growth, 19 P/E = S & P 5,089 Lower growth, lower P/E: 10% earnings growth 17 P/E = S & P 4,554 Bearish: 5% earnings growth 15 P/E = S & P 3,835 Recession, really?

### Keywords: 
real
earnings
risk
stocks
s
lets
500
multiple
growth
pe
p
big
recession
issue
15

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 215


### TITLE: 
What the second-quarter earnings results are telling investors about the rest of 2024

### TEXT: 
With nearly three-fourths of the S & P 500 reporting second-quarter results, the earnings picture for the back half of the year is looking unusually complicated. It's been a 'meh' quarter so far We have the usual beat on bottom-line earnings, but revenue beats are below expectations. About 79% of S & P 500 are beating earnings expectations, and that is about average, according to LSEG. Two observations: First, the average beat is much smaller than it has been recently. We're seeing an average beat of about 4.5%, nearly half the 8% upside from the first quarter. Second, only 47% exceeded revenue forecasts, a lower percentage than normal, which suggests some pricing pressure. Companies not making bold calls on the second half It's a bit frustrating. Most companies are beating on earnings estimates but are declining to hike full-year guidance beyond the beat. Coca-Cola , GE Aerospace , Hasbro , Sherwin-Williams , Deckers Outdoor , AbbVie and Lockheed Martin all raised full-year guidance. However, they did so directly as a result of strong results in the latest quarter. A slew of other companies like AT & T , Verizon , Mattel , IBM and Chipotle simply reaffirmed their previously-announced forecasts for the year. It's a sign that despite a still-strong economy, there are too many variables at play and companies are simply taking a wait-and-see approach. Tech earnings are still growing but decelerating There have been an elevated number of tech misses this season, including Fair Isaac , CDW , Skyworks Solutions , Juniper Networks , Enphase Energy , NXP Semiconductors , Accenture and Oracle . More importantly, for big cap tech, earnings growth is decelerating from the huge gains seen in the past two years. A more cautious consumer has reduced many companies' pricing power For example, Procter & Gamble and Clorox have been hit by a double whammy: Price hikes are slowing and demand has been tepid. It has been a similar story for food companies, which have seen volumes fall amid greater price sensitivity from consumers. All the major food names this season – Hershey , Kraft Heinz , Mondelez , PepsiCo , ConAgra Brands , General Mills and J.M. Smucker – have all seen revenue misses on lower volumes. Meanwhile, fast-food restaurants continue to be under pressure to offer value to their guests. McDonald's had seen poor sales , but traffic improved once it launched its $5 value meal. Shake Shack saw stronger June and July sales trends as it has employed "strategic promotions." Wendy's said value is "critically important" and touted its ability to offer value before some of its competitors. Further, while it continues to struggle , Starbucks said "thoughtful promotions resonated with customers in our quest to offer enhanced value indicating that our action plans are starting to take hold." The high-end consumer is still spending, but some softness observed One of us (Bob) just returned from a five-day stay in Atlantic City: The casinos were mostly full, from the gaming tables to the restaurants. But Bank of America ran an interesting headline recently: "Travel/Leisure Cracks Emerging." The firm noted sub-par performance in gaming ( Bally's missed on earnings, while MGM Resorts called out fiscal first quarter softness), parks ( Comcast 's parks missed) and hotels ( Host Hotels cut estimates. Marriott cut, as did timeshare company Marriott Vacations . Wyndham lowered guidance on revenue per available room). Airlines were also highlighted, with Allegiant , Ryanair and Spirit noting soft pricing. Plenty of complaints about a slowing China consumer A weak China economy has been a significant headwind for a number of global companies this season. Procter & Gamble's China sales tumbled 8% from a year ago as consumer spending slowed. PepsiCo also observed a cautious consumer there, and General Mills saw "a real souring or downturn in consumer sentiment" in the country. McDonald's and Starbucks saw negative same-store sales in the region. Visa said payment volumes slowed within China, while Marriott revealed that it was the only region that saw negative hotel revenues in the quarter. A highly-promotional environment in Greater China was a major factor in Nike 's cautious outlook for its new fiscal year. Despite more tepid domestic spending, there is evidence the Chinese consumer is instead preserving their spending for when they travel outside the country. Luxury names like Kering and LVMH noted that the Chinese are taking advantage of the weak yen and buying products in Japan. Further, while Macao performance was a disappointment for Las Vegas Sands , the casino operator said Chinese visitors are still flocking to its Marina Bay Sands property in Singapore. What's the risk to earnings in the second half? There are two significant macro risks: First, there's an inflation scare — a series of reports that suggest its higher than expected. Second, there's the possibility of a growth slowdown — that is, a downturn in jobs that is greater than anticipated or a consumer pullback that's greater than what we've already seen. We saw a modest growth slowdown scare with the weak ISM manufacturing index reading, particularly in the sub-par employment component. That caused a drop in bond yields Thursday. Here's the good news: So far, overall third-quarter estimates for the S & P 500 haven't moved much since the start of this earnings season.

### DATE: 
2024-08-02

### Summary: 
With nearly three-fourths of the S & P 500 reporting second-quarter results, the earnings picture for the back half of the year is looking unusually complicated.
It's been a 'meh' quarter so far We have the usual beat on bottom-line earnings, but revenue beats are below expectations.
Most companies are beating on earnings estimates but are declining to hike full-year guidance beyond the beat.
Plenty of complaints about a slowing China consumer A weak China economy has been a significant headwind for a number of global companies this season.
Procter & Gamble's China sales tumbled 8% from a year ago as consumer spending slowed.

### Keywords: 
consumer
earnings
2024
quarter
rest
value
s
investors
saw
seen
spending
telling
secondquarter
results
china
companies

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 216


### TITLE: 
Fed Chair Powell gives the market exactly what it wanted to hear

### TEXT: 
Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell ended a press conference in which he gave markets exactly what they anticipated he would say. The Fed left rates unchanged, noted that job growth was weaker but still strong and hinted it was slowly winning the war on inflation. Stocks have been positioned for a three-stage process from the Fed: 1) setting the stage for rate cuts at today's meeting, 2) examine data in the next month and perhaps fine-tune the response at the Jackson Hole conference in August, and 3) begin rate cuts in September. The first stage is unfolding as expected. Powell, in his press conference, said "the labor market has come into better balance, and the unemployment rate remains low. Inflation has eased substantially from a peak of 7% to 2.5%." If there was any doubt he was feeling better about inflation, Powell later said, "we have growing confidence that we are on a sustainable path to two percent," the Fed's long-term target for inflation. That's exactly what the markets wanted to hear. Markets are now pricing in a 100% chance of a rate cut in September. What's next? The good news is the two or three months leading up to a rate cut are usually good for the markets. Next up: the July jobs report on Friday, and then Jackson Hole in late August. The risk to the market is we may get a series of aberrant inflation reports that would keep rates high and cause Powell to make cautious comments at Jackson Hole. Maybe, but it seems unlikely. We are not hearing about weird outlying signals. We are not hearing about skyrocketing rents, or airfares or hotel rooms. The inflation data seems to be narrowing. It's also possible we may see sudden economic deterioration, but that too seems unlikely, and at any rate that would drive rates even lower. Despite the fact that August is usually a rocky month, and assuming the data is unsurprising, the most-likely path is more of the same, more of the rotation we have seen for the past several weeks. Remember what happened in July That said, this is a very tricky time for the markets, and if you doubt that, look at what has happened over the past three weeks. The consensus as we entered July was that inflation was still a very real danger and that the Fed may keep rates higher. Investors were flocking to high-price tech stocks and ignoring everything else. On July 11, the June CPI report came out, which showed inflation moderating more than expected. Boom. Turned out the consensus was wrong. Inflation wasn't such a clear and continuing danger, and a lot of investors were caught offside. Megacap tech sold off and investors turned to small caps and value stocks instead. Ten-year yields have gone to 4.12% today from 4.28%. That trend continues today. If the consensus can be wrong about something as big as where the Fed is going, it certainly argues for everyone to be a lot more humble about their opinions going into the notoriously difficult month of August.

### DATE: 
2024-07-31

### Summary: 
Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell ended a press conference in which he gave markets exactly what they anticipated he would say.
The Fed left rates unchanged, noted that job growth was weaker but still strong and hinted it was slowly winning the war on inflation.
Powell, in his press conference, said "the labor market has come into better balance, and the unemployment rate remains low.
If there was any doubt he was feeling better about inflation, Powell later said, "we have growing confidence that we are on a sustainable path to two percent," the Fed's long-term target for inflation.
The consensus as we entered July was that inflation was still a very real danger and that the Fed may keep rates higher.

### Keywords: 
chair
inflation
exactly
market
powell
fed
stocks
jackson
rates
investors
wanted
month
rate
gives
markets
hear

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 217


### TITLE: 
July brought a great stock market rotation. Here's why it is happening

### TEXT: 
While we are getting a tech rally Wednesday thanks to Advanced Micro Devices (up 7%), this is the month when rotation became more than a one-day event. We are going into the last day of the month with the S & P 500 little changed in July, but everything else further down the market capitalization scale is having a fine summer: Major indexes in July S & P 500: +0.7% S & P 500 Equal Weight +4.8% Russell 2000 +10% S & P Midcap +5.5% Within the S & P 500, the dispersion among sectors is unusually large, with technology lagging and everything from defensive to cyclicals to commodities all higher. S & P 500 sectors in July Banks +16.1% Real estate + 6.9% Utilities + 6.1% Industrials + 4.8% Materials + 4.2% Health care + 2.6% Consumer staples + 2.0% Energy + 2.0% Technology - 3.3% Communication services - 4.6% Semiconductor ETF (SMH) - 7.0% When you have sectors such as banks, energy, health care and consumer staples up, that usually would signal a strong month for value, and that is indeed what has happened: Growth vs. Value in July S & P 500 Value + 4.8% S & P 500 Growth - 2.3% Why is this happening? Since small-cap companies often have more debt and higher borrowing costs, the expectation of lower rates is certainly a factor. But valuation plays a part as well. Large-cap stocks, particularly tech, have grown their valuations much faster. I noted weeks ago that more fundamentally inclined investors were worried about the slower rate of earnings growth for big-cap technology stocks . The Russell 2000 would also benefit any time a rotation out of tech occurs because the weightings are different. While the two sectors that comprise technology in the S & P 500 — technology and communication services — are about 40% of the S & P 500, the Russell 2000 is much more diverse. Russell 2000: Sector weightings Industrials 18.8% Health care 15.0% Financials 15.0% Technology 14.0% Consumer discretionary 12.7% Energy 7.8% Real estate 5.8% Other 11.0% Source: FTSE/Russell That means when a true rotation occurs in an environment where rates are expected to decline, small caps can be a beneficiary.

### DATE: 
2024-07-31

### Summary: 
While we are getting a tech rally Wednesday thanks to Advanced Micro Devices (up 7%), this is the month when rotation became more than a one-day event.
Since small-cap companies often have more debt and higher borrowing costs, the expectation of lower rates is certainly a factor.
I noted weeks ago that more fundamentally inclined investors were worried about the slower rate of earnings growth for big-cap technology stocks .
The Russell 2000 would also benefit any time a rotation out of tech occurs because the weightings are different.
While the two sectors that comprise technology in the S & P 500 — technology and communication services — are about 40% of the S & P 500, the Russell 2000 is much more diverse.

### Keywords: 
rotation
brought
market
s
technology
value
sectors
russell
happening
p
tech
2000
500
stock
great
heres

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 218


### TITLE: 
Stocks are being routed as tech undergoes a re-rating. Here are the key drivers behind the shake-up

### TEXT: 
The stock market is facing several issues: a tech re-rating, a slower economy, a seasonally weak period and an uncertain presidential outcome. Big-cap tech is getting re-rated This is what happens when the market gets top-heavy in technology. Like the pros say, when you get a correction in a concentrated market, you take the stairs up and the elevator down. Prices for megacap tech stocks have run up dramatically in hopes of outsized earnings. The problem — as was demonstrated by the reaction to Alphabet's earnings yesterday — is that investors are coming to understand there is still not a big payoff for the artificial intelligence infrastructure play, that the return on investment, or ROI, on AI is not going to materialize for a long time. Tech overlords do not seem very worried about this. Alphabet CEO Sundar Pichai said he'd rather overspend on capex than misread demand and underspend. Investors may not share the same sentiment. Regardless, investors have been re-rating tech stocks for many weeks now. I noted several weeks ago that investors were concerned that, while earnings for the biggest tech stocks were continuing to rise, they were not going up as fast as they had been. Decelerating earnings growth is a classic warning sign. This did not happen overnight. Technology stocks have been toppy for some time. Many of the major tech indexes and exchange-traded funds are down double digits from recent highs. Technology sector ETFs (% off 52-week highs) Ark Innovation (ARKK): 18% Global X Cloud Computing ETF (CLOU):17% VanEck Semiconductor (SMH): 15% S & P Technology Sector (XLK): 9% Vanguard Mega Cap Growth (MGK): 8% Global X Social Media (SOCL): 9% Invesco QQQ Trust (QQQ): 8% Semiconductors, which were the market leaders in the first quarter, have been particularly weak. Semiconductors (% from 52-week high, and when they hit highs) AMD : 36% (March) Micron : 30% (June) Qualcomm : 21% (June) Nvidia : 19% (June) Broadcom : 18% (June) Weak economy also an issue Second, there are concerns about a slowing economy and that the Fed may stay high too long. Former New York Federal Reserve Bank President Bill Dudley's editorial Wednesday was the catalyst for this worrywart crowd. Dudley suddenly announced that, "The facts have changed, so I've changed my mind" about the economy and called for the Fed to cut rates next week because the three-month average unemployment rate was rising. Don't forget seasonality Seasonality is also a factor, as volatility tends to increase mid-July to October. Goldman Sachs noted that the historic inflection date, the date when the S & P 500 starts seeing more down days, is July 17, with a peak in September, but not really flipping until the end of October. "No more neon green days in the upcoming summer future," Goldman said in the report. Watch ETF flows — they have been exceptionally strong One of the things that has really helped the markets this year is consistently strong inflows into equity ETFs, particularly plain-vanilla index ETFs such as the S & P 500. Matt Bartolini, head of SPDR Americas Research at State Street, noted $500 billion in inflows into ETFs so far this year, on pace for a record year. ETFs already have about $10 trillion in assets under management. Watch the flows here for signs of weakness. It is very typical for flows to dry up in August as everyone is away for vacation. Does the election matter? Historically, most presidents do not have a big effect on the stock market. However, this election may be different. Curiously, "S & P500 has been super correlated to Trump Win odds lately," Goldman wrote in the same report, noting that the recent change in election probabilities — with Kamala Harris now the likely Democratic nominee — may be causing some "recalibration" in portfolios. CFRA chief investment strategist Sam Stovall seems to agree. "The 'certainty' of the Trump trade appears to be fading," he wrote in a note to clients. "In the near term, investors may end up being frozen by indecision until clarity improves on a multitude of issues, such as industry regulation, medical insurance, corporate and individual tax policy, and defense spending, just to name a few." It is an interesting observation, and just one more ingredient in this very tricky summer stew.

### DATE: 
2024-07-25

### Summary: 
The stock market is facing several issues: a tech re-rating, a slower economy, a seasonally weak period and an uncertain presidential outcome.
Prices for megacap tech stocks have run up dramatically in hopes of outsized earnings.
Regardless, investors have been re-rating tech stocks for many weeks now.
I noted several weeks ago that investors were concerned that, while earnings for the biggest tech stocks were continuing to rise, they were not going up as fast as they had been.
Technology stocks have been toppy for some time.

### Keywords: 
key
earnings
stocks
market
s
technology
investors
undergoes
drivers
etfs
tech
rerating
economy
weak
routed
shakeup

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 219


### TITLE: 
2024 is shaping up to be another tough year for IPOs. What it's going to take to turn it around

### TEXT: 
This week will mark the biggest week for initial public offerings all year. Unfortunately, it may not be enough to get the IPO market out of its funk. Financial services firm OneStream priced its IPO on Tuesday night at $20, above the price talk of $17 to $19. Its shares opened Wednesday at $26. That's the good news. The bad news: The pricing valued the company at about $4.6 billion, but the last private funding round in 2021 valued the company at $6 billion, so the company is going public at a roughly 25% haircut to its last private funding round. This is now a familiar story. Many companies raised money two to four years ago in private funding rounds at very high valuations. Many of these companies are now trying to go public, and investors are balking at the high valuations and demanding haircuts. Biggest IPO of the year set to price tonight Meanwhile, investors are waiting for a massive deal to price Wednesday night. The stock will begin trading on Thursday under the symbol "LINE" on Nasdaq. Lineage, the largest temperature-controlled warehouse real estate investment trust in the world, expects to price 47 million shares at between $70 and $82. The company stores fresh food and other perishables in its warehouses, and hopes to raise $3.6 billion. This would be far and away the largest IPO of the year at more than twice the size of cruise operator Viking Holdings , which went public in May. Another tough year No matter how you slice it, 2024 is turning out to be the third consecutive year of subpar IPO markets. Only $17.8 billion has been raised so far this year, according to Renaissance Capital. The average going back a decade is about $50 billion for the full year. IPOs: Total raised 2024 YTD: $17.8 billion 2023: $19.4 billion 2022: $7.7 billion 2021: $142 billion (record) 2020: $78 billion 2019: $46 billion 2018: $47 billion Source: Renaissance Capital It's a valuation problem The issue is not the markets, which despite the recent downdraft, are just short of record highs. Interest rates have also been more stable. The problem is valuations. "Public investors are not willing to pay 2021 valuations," Matt Kennedy from Renaissance Capital said. "All of the companies that had funding rounds [in the last few years] are aware of this. The question is, how much demand is there in the public market for these deals? The answer is, there is some demand. Companies that want an up-round are going to be disappointed, but companies willing to take a haircut can get deals done." The upshot: It depends. Many companies are looking at the pressure of a lower valuation to go public and are likely saying, "We have enough cash and enough funding, let's wait until 2025." Others may be willing to accept the lower valuations — or may not have the choice because they need the additional cash because private funding is no longer available. On the bright side It has been a depressing trend over the past few years. IPOs see a one-day pop, and then trade down over the next few weeks and months. The poor investors who bought on the first day end up losing money. Maybe getting companies to go public at prices lower than their last private funding round will be good for buyers of IPOs, as maybe more companies will see their stock prices hold up after their debuts.

### DATE: 
2024-07-24

### Summary: 
Many companies raised money two to four years ago in private funding rounds at very high valuations.
Many of these companies are now trying to go public, and investors are balking at the high valuations and demanding haircuts.
Another tough year No matter how you slice it, 2024 is turning out to be the third consecutive year of subpar IPO markets.
"Public investors are not willing to pay 2021 valuations," Matt Kennedy from Renaissance Capital said.
Companies that want an up-round are going to be disappointed, but companies willing to take a haircut can get deals done."

### Keywords: 
shaping
valuations
2024
funding
ipos
investors
public
going
company
price
billion
ipo
private
turn
tough
companies

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 220


### TITLE: 
Spot ether ETFs are set to trade Tuesday. Here’s what it means for the Ethereum blockchain

### TEXT: 
Nurphoto | Nurphoto | Getty Images

Spot ether exchange traded funds are set to begin trading on Tuesday. Crypto enthusiasts are hopeful it will broaden the investor base for Ethereum, a blockchain technology many argue has a far wider use case than bitcoin. These ETFs will invest directly in ether, which is the cryptocurrency used in the Ethereum network. There are already ether ETFs that track futures contracts, but these are the first to track spot ether. Spot ether ETF applications Grayscale Ethereum Mini Trust (ETH)

Grayscale Ethereum Trust (ETHE)

Bitwise Ethereum (ETHW)

VanEck Ethereum (ETHV)

21Shares Core Ethereum (CETH)

Invesco Galaxy Ethereum (QETH)

Fidelity Ethereum (FETH)

Franklin Ethereum (EZET)

iShares Ethereum Trust (ETHA) Like the spot bitcoin ETFs that launched in January, most are waiving fees initially — in many cases for up to a year.

Bitcoin ETF have been a hit. Will ether ETFs be the same?

By the standards of ETF launches, spot bitcoin ETFs have been a success: They recently topped $17 billion in net flows year to date since their debut. For a new asset class, that is a big hit. However, at $1.3 trillion in total assets, bitcoin has about three times the value of ether, which has about $414 billion in assets. That may limit the initial appeal of ether ETFs. Bitcoin prices rose going into the launch of spot bitcoin ETFs. Ether has been a bit spottier: It is up 50% in 2024, but most of the gain came in the first three months of the year. Still, for Ethereum enthusiasts, the primary value of a spot ether ETF is that it's a perfect vehicle to educate the public about the use cases for Ethereum, which are far greater than anything bitcoin has to offer. Ben Johnson, Morningstar's head of client solutions and an ETF research veteran, noted that while bitcoin is often advertised as digital gold, "Ethereum is more like picks and shovels." "The case for the former is that it is finite and could be a store of value, the latter is not finite and being used to build some real-world applications," he said.

What the Ethereum platform does

Many investors have never been impressed with bitcoin, primarily because the use case seems limited: It is purely a digital currency. But the Ethereum platform is different. Bitcoin and Ethereum both utilize blockchain, which is a decentralized, immutable ledger to record transaction histories, but they have very different purposes. Bitcoin uses the blockchain as a digital currency. Ethereum utilizes digital money just like bitcoin, but its blockchain has broader purposes. (Ether is the cryptocurrency used in the Ethereum network, but in practice the terms Ethereum and ether are often used interchangeably.) Ethereum is a platform for building smart contracts, which are self-executing programs that enforce a pre-existing contract or agreement. It can be as simple as "If I do this, you do that." The key is that they execute automatically, are done on the blockchain (the Ethereum network) and produce the same result each time they are executed. They also have a wide variety of applications. The most common use is for decentralized finance, or "DeFi." This is just a fancy term for using financial services on the blockchain. In theory, you could perform almost any banking services: Users can send, lend or borrow money, open a savings account, trade stocks or derivatives or other cryptocurrencies, get insurance. Theoretically, you could also do real estate transactions. Users can perform these functions using software called "decentralized apps." The use case goes beyond financial services. Users can play games. Corporations could use it for tracking supply chains. It could even be used as a clearing platform to settle stock trades. Another application for Ethereum: stablecoins. These are cryptocurrencies whose value is pegged to another asset, usually the dollar. Because cryptocurrencies like bitcoin and ether are volatile, many DeFi applications rely on stablecoins for lending, borrowing and trading. The promise is a transaction network that — in theory — could be a much cheaper and faster way to do business.

Does this open the floodgates for more crypto ETFs?

It's not clear whether this latest development will open the floodgates for more crypto ETFs — or whether the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission will find a way to stop the potential tidal wave. Any applicant for other crypto ETFs would still need to show that the underlying market was not subject to manipulation, a crucial requirement for approval of these funds. But a lot may depend on the political climate. In the past, for commodities, the SEC has traditionally required a regulated futures market to trade alongside the asset. Right now, that only exists for bitcoin and ether, so it would take time to develop futures markets for other crypto products. "Under the current regime in Washington, that would not change," Matt Hougan, chief investment officer of Bitwise told me. "But if you get a change of regimes in Washington, that could change." Regardless, expect a lot of trading. "These new ETH ETFs will likely trade a lot," Johnson at Morningstar told me. "I'd guess that if and when options on these ETFs become available, this will all go into overdrive.... These ETFs effectively add a whole new wing to the crypto casino."

Is Ethereum essentially a tech play?

### DATE: 
2024-07-23

### Summary: 
There are already ether ETFs that track futures contracts, but these are the first to track spot ether.
Spot ether ETF applications Grayscale Ethereum Mini Trust (ETH)Grayscale Ethereum Trust (ETHE)Bitwise Ethereum (ETHW)VanEck Ethereum (ETHV)21Shares Core Ethereum (CETH)Invesco Galaxy Ethereum (QETH)Fidelity Ethereum (FETH)Franklin Ethereum (EZET)iShares Ethereum Trust (ETHA) Like the spot bitcoin ETFs that launched in January, most are waiving fees initially — in many cases for up to a year.
By the standards of ETF launches, spot bitcoin ETFs have been a success: They recently topped $17 billion in net flows year to date since their debut.
Bitcoin prices rose going into the launch of spot bitcoin ETFs.
(Ether is the cryptocurrency used in the Ethereum network, but in practice the terms Ethereum and ether are often used interchangeably.)

### Keywords: 
trade
blockchain
set
used
ethereum
value
bitcoin
crypto
spot
etfs
ether
means
etf
heres

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 221


### TITLE: 
Investors to decide if the one-week rotation into small caps can last all summer

### TEXT: 
A week ago, investors were scoffing at the idea that small caps and value stocks might have a genuine summer rally. This has been tried before in the last few years, and it has always ended in tears. One week later, and the trend clearly has some legs. Money has been moving mostly out of tech for more than a week and into small-cap and value stocks, which are often industrials, materials and some financials. The S & P 500 Value ETF (IVE) , which holds stocks like Berkshire Hathaway , JP Morgan , Exxon Mobil and Johnson & Johnson , finally hit a new high after lagging the tech-dominated S & P 500 Growth ETF (IVW) for more than a year. "The BIG question is whether this is truly rotational or just a trade on interest rates (rate cuts = small cap rally is out there as a narrative in multiple venues)," ETF journalist and financial futurist Dave Nadig told me. "If it works for more than a few days, I suspect the ['fear of missing out' crowd] will start heaving money into products like the Avantis Small Cap Value ETF (AVUV)." The rather sudden move into small caps and value has already led to outsized moves in a number of exchange-traded funds. Small-cap and value ETFs in July SPDR Portfolio S & P 600 Small Cap ETF (SPSM) + 9% SPDR Portfolio S & P 400 Mid Cap ETF (SPMD) + 7% SPDR Portfolio S & P 500 Value ETF (SPYV) + 4% With the S & P up 3.8% this month, these are not blowout moves but outperformance from these sectors has been so rare it is enough to attract momentum traders. But these are the most obvious moves. Unsurprisingly, some investors are seeking to capitalize on the moves in novel ways. How to play this rotation in a single ETF The game is how to play the market, ex-mega caps, in a single investment. One example: the Vanguard Extended Market ETF (VXF). This fund holds the entire stock market, minus the S & P 500. Sounds weird, right? But it might be the perfect ETF for this market. It takes the S & P Total Market Index, which is the entire investable equity universe in the United States (we are talking over 3,000 stocks), and takes out the S & P 500. The resulting portfolio consists of everything from mid-caps to micro-caps and, with an expense ratio of just six basis points (0.06%), is among the cheaper ETFs to play such broad exposure. It's up about 8% in the last week, to a two-and-a-half-year high. VXF 1M mountain Vanguard Extended Market ETF over the past month. Other little-noticed corners of the market that make similar but not identical calls include the iShares Russell 2500 ETF (SMMD), which tracks the Russell 2000 plus 500 more stocks that go into the micro-cap space, also up 8% in the last week. Or take the Hilton Small-MidCap Opportunity ETF (SMCO), an actively managed value fund that makes more concentrated bets in the small-cap space (the top 10 stocks are 25% of the fund), up about 6% in the last week. This trend of buying small caps and value is clearly more than a one-day wonder: It's now a one-week wonder. There's an old saying among the flow traders that flows aren't necessarily a signal, meaning you have to be careful extrapolating short-term movements, particularly in ETFs. Still, what we have seen so far is already attracting the momentum people. Next step: Let's see if it lasts through the summer.

### DATE: 
2024-07-17

### Summary: 
A week ago, investors were scoffing at the idea that small caps and value stocks might have a genuine summer rally.
The S & P 500 Value ETF (IVE) , which holds stocks like Berkshire Hathaway , JP Morgan , Exxon Mobil and Johnson & Johnson , finally hit a new high after lagging the tech-dominated S & P 500 Growth ETF (IVW) for more than a year.
This fund holds the entire stock market, minus the S & P 500.
VXF 1M mountain Vanguard Extended Market ETF over the past month.
This trend of buying small caps and value is clearly more than a one-day wonder: It's now a one-week wonder.

### Keywords: 
summer
rotation
decide
stocks
market
small
value
s
investors
500
oneweek
week
p
portfolio
etf
caps

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 222


### TITLE: 
Stocks making the biggest moves midday: AbbVie, Tesla, Cigna, Morgan Stanley and more

### TEXT: 
Check out the companies making headlines in midday trading: Tesla — The electric vehicle stock popped about 9% to build on last week's 29% gain as investors bet that a Trump administration would fare well for the company and CEO Elon Musk. AbbVie — Shares tumbled 12.6% after the pharmaceutical company said its experimental schizophrenia drug did not show a statistically significant improvement in symptoms during two Phase 2 trials. The news sent shares of competitor Bristol-Myers Squibb nearly 12% higher. Super Micro Computer — The beleaguered server maker ended Monday's session 4.7% higher, after falling earlier in the day. Shares have been slipping since Ernst & Young resigned as Super Micro's auditor in late October and after the company issued unaudited quarterly results that showed weaker-than-expected revenue. Crypto stocks — Crypto stocks extended last week's gains as investors basked in the honeymoon period between Election Day and Inauguration Day. Coinbase shares jumped 19.8% and were trading above $300 for the first time since 2021. MicroStrategy shares were up 25.7% and bitcoin miners MARA Holdings and Riot Platforms gained 29.9% and 16.9%, respectively. Wells Fargo , Bank of America , Morgan Stanley — Shares of major banks were rising again on Monday, building on their postelection gains driven by investors' hopes of looser regulation and greater deal-making under the incoming presidency. Wells Fargo jumped 3.6%, while Bank of America and Morgan Stanley rose by roughly 2.1% and 3.1%, respectively. Geo Group , CoreCivic — Private prison stocks jumped after President-elect Donald Trump selected immigration hardliner Tom Homan, former acting U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement director during Trump's first term, as his "border czar." Geo Group and CoreCivic rose 4.4% and 6.3%, respectively. Trump Media & Technology Group — Shares of the social media platform added 4.7% as investors continued the "Trump Trade" momentum into stocks tied to the president-elect. Cigna — Shares of the health insurance giant gained about 7.3% after saying it will not be pursuing a merger with Humana , which shed 8% on the news. Cigna also reiterated its fiscal 2024 and 2025 guidance. RadNet — Shares of the radiology company popped more than 19% after reporting stronger-than-expected earnings and revenue for the third quarter and announcing a "strategic collaboration" with GE HealthCare . Valley National Bank — Shares popped 2.8% after JPMorgan upgraded the New York-based regional bank to overweight from neutral. Analyst Anthony Elian cited Valley National's progress toward reducing its exposure to commercial real estate as a positive. Last week, Valley National said it would be selling additional stock, with JPMorgan as the deal's sole book-running manager. Cboe Global Markets — Shares advanced about 1.3% on the back of Deutsche Bank's upgrade to buy from hold . Deutsche Bank said the exchange operator can see heightened demand for some products due to postelection market volatility. — CNBC's Alex Harring, Tanaya Macheel, Jesse Pound, Samantha Subin, Lisa Kailai Han and Michelle Fox contributed reporting.

### DATE: 
2024-11-11

### Summary: 
Crypto stocks — Crypto stocks extended last week's gains as investors basked in the honeymoon period between Election Day and Inauguration Day.
Coinbase shares jumped 19.8% and were trading above $300 for the first time since 2021.
Wells Fargo jumped 3.6%, while Bank of America and Morgan Stanley rose by roughly 2.1% and 3.1%, respectively.
RadNet — Shares of the radiology company popped more than 19% after reporting stronger-than-expected earnings and revenue for the third quarter and announcing a "strategic collaboration" with GE HealthCare .
Valley National Bank — Shares popped 2.8% after JPMorgan upgraded the New York-based regional bank to overweight from neutral.

### Keywords: 
moves
abbvie
stocks
trump
company
biggest
jumped
morgan
tesla
shares
bank
popped
midday
respectively
valley
investors
stanley
making
cigna

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 223


### TITLE: 
Trump is the most pro-stock market president in history, Wharton’s Jeremy Siegel says

### TEXT: 
The stock market could enjoy a bigger boost from President-elect Donald Trump than any previous administration thanks to his pro-business policies, according to Jeremy Siegel, finance professor at the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania.

"President-elect Trump is the most pro-stock market president we have had in our history," Siegel said Monday on CNBC's "Squawk Box." "He measured his success in his first term by how well the stock market did. You know, it seems to me very unlikely he's going to implement policies that are going to be bad for the stock market."

The market already reached new heights in reaction to Trump's election win as investors bet that his promises of tax cuts and deregulation will propel growth and benefit risk assets.

The S&P 500 soared 4.66% last week for its best week since November 2023, trading above 6,000 for the first time ever. The blue chip Dow Jones Industrial Average also climbed above a new milestone of 44,000 post election.

### DATE: 
2024-11-11

### Summary: 
The stock market could enjoy a bigger boost from President-elect Donald Trump than any previous administration thanks to his pro-business policies, according to Jeremy Siegel, finance professor at the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania.
"President-elect Trump is the most pro-stock market president we have had in our history," Siegel said Monday on CNBC's "Squawk Box."
"He measured his success in his first term by how well the stock market did.
You know, it seems to me very unlikely he's going to implement policies that are going to be bad for the stock market."
The market already reached new heights in reaction to Trump's election win as investors bet that his promises of tax cuts and deregulation will propel growth and benefit risk assets.

### Keywords: 
siegel
history
market
policies
win
election
trump
jeremy
going
week
prostock
whartons
stock
president
wharton

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 224


### TITLE: 
Stocks making the biggest moves premarket: Tesla, Coinbase, Cisco Systems and more

### TEXT: 
Check out the companies making headlines before the bell: Tesla — The electric vehicle stock popped 7% and looked poised to build on last week's 29% surge. The Elon Musk-run company has rallied on the heels of Donald Trump's presidential victory, topping $1 trillion in market value on Friday as investors bet the company will benefit under the new administration. Crypto stocks — Stocks tied to cryptocurrencies rallied, with bitcoin topping $82,000 and hitting fresh highs, as Wall Street continued to bet a Trump administration would be more favorable toward the crypto industry. Coinbase popped 15%, while MicroStrategy gained 11%. Robinhood rose about 7%. Cigna — The health insurance giant popped 8% after saying it will not be pursuing a merger with Humana. Cigna also reiterated its fiscal 2024 and 2025 guidance. Humana shares shed 8%. RadNet — Shares of the radiology company popped 15% on stronger-than-expected earnings and revenue for the third quarter. RadNet also announced a "strategic collaboration" with GE HealthCare. Cisco — Shares moved 1.6% higher following an upgrade at JPMorgan to overweight from neutral. The bank expects Cisco will likely return to positive earnings revision due to a recovery cycle in Enterprise Networking demand. Trump Media & Technology — Trump's social media stock rallied 8% as investors continued pouring money into stocks connected to the president-elect. Valley National Bank — Shares of the New Jersey-based regional bank gained about 3% on light volume after an upgrade to overweight from neutral by JPMorgan. The investment firm said Valley National is making progress on reducing its exposure to commercial real estate. Valley National announced last week that it was selling additional stock, with JPMorgan as the sole book-running manager for the deal. Cboe Global Markets — Shares added 1.3% after Deutsche Bank upgraded the stock to buy from hold, saying the exchange operator should maintain strong revenue growth into at least 2025. Postelection market volatility in the intermediate term should drive "greater use of index & volatility options & futures products," the firm said. — CNBC's Michelle Fox, Jesse Pound and Pia Singh contributed reporting. Correction: Valley National is based in New Jersey. A previous version misstated the state.

### DATE: 
2024-11-11

### Summary: 
Check out the companies making headlines before the bell: Tesla — The electric vehicle stock popped 7% and looked poised to build on last week's 29% surge.
Crypto stocks — Stocks tied to cryptocurrencies rallied, with bitcoin topping $82,000 and hitting fresh highs, as Wall Street continued to bet a Trump administration would be more favorable toward the crypto industry.
Trump Media & Technology — Trump's social media stock rallied 8% as investors continued pouring money into stocks connected to the president-elect.
Valley National Bank — Shares of the New Jersey-based regional bank gained about 3% on light volume after an upgrade to overweight from neutral by JPMorgan.
The investment firm said Valley National is making progress on reducing its exposure to commercial real estate.

### Keywords: 
cisco
jpmorgan
stocks
bank
rallied
valley
popped
moves
company
coinbase
biggest
premarket
national
making
tesla
stock
shares
systems

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 225


### TITLE: 
Fed's Kashkari says Trump tariffs could reheat inflation if they provoke global trade 'tit for tat'

### TEXT: 
Neel Kashkari, President and CEO, Federal Reserve Bank of Minneapolis, speaks at the Milken Conference 2024 Global Conference Sessions at The Beverly Hilton in Beverly Hills, California, U.S., May 7, 2024.

Minneapolis Federal Reserve President Neel Kashkari said Sunday that President-elect Donald Trump's tariff proposals could worsen long-term inflation if global trade partners were to strike back.

One-time tariffs, Kashkari said on CBS' "Face the Nation," "shouldn't have an effect long run on inflation."

"The challenge becomes, if there's a tit for tat and it's one country imposing tariffs and then responses and it's escalating. That's where it becomes more concerning, and, frankly, a lot more uncertain," Kashkari said.

During his first term, Trump essentially sparked a trade war with China when he imposed a series of import taxes on Chinese goods, which triggered the country to retaliate with its own set of tariffs on the U.S.

One of Trump's primary economic proposals for his second term is to impose universal tariffs on all imports from all countries — with a specifically targeted 60% rate on China.

Economists, Wall Street analysts and industry leaders have repeatedly expressed concerns over the inflationary impact of that hardline trade approach, especially since inflation has just begun to cool from its pandemic-era peaks.

"We've made a lot of progress in bringing inflation down," Kashkari said. "I mean, I don't want to declare victory yet. We need to finish the job, but we're on a good path right now."

The Fed on Thursday passed its second consecutive interest rate cut, continuing its effort to loosen monetary policy as inflation approaches the central bank's 2% target. Kashkari said he expects another cut to come in December, but that will depend on "what the data looks like" at that time.

As for Trump's other major policy proposals like a sweeping immigrant deportation plan, Kashkari noted that the inflation threat is still unclear and so the Fed is still taking a "wait and see" approach before adjusting its policy.

Trump and his backers like billionaire Tesla CEO Elon Musk have also been outspoken about their desire to give the president input on Fed policy decisions. The central bank views its political independence as a core feature that allows it to shape monetary policy exclusively based on the health of the U.S. economy, not election incentives.

But Kashkari said he is not concerned about politics permeating Fed decisions.

"I'm confident that we will continue to focus on our economic jobs," he said. "That's what should be dictating what we're doing and that is what's dictating what we're doing."

### DATE: 
2024-11-10

### Summary: 
Neel Kashkari, President and CEO, Federal Reserve Bank of Minneapolis, speaks at the Milken Conference 2024 Global Conference Sessions at The Beverly Hilton in Beverly Hills, California, U.S., May 7, 2024.
Minneapolis Federal Reserve President Neel Kashkari said Sunday that President-elect Donald Trump's tariff proposals could worsen long-term inflation if global trade partners were to strike back.
One-time tariffs, Kashkari said on CBS' "Face the Nation," "shouldn't have an effect long run on inflation."
"The challenge becomes, if there's a tit for tat and it's one country imposing tariffs and then responses and it's escalating.
Trump and his backers like billionaire Tesla CEO Elon Musk have also been outspoken about their desire to give the president input on Fed policy decisions.

### Keywords: 
trade
tat
inflation
global
trumps
fed
thats
trump
proposals
provoke
tit
policy
kashkari
tariffs
reheat
president

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 226


### TITLE: 
Three China stocks that analysts are watching for longer-term opportunities

### TEXT: 
Chinese stocks wrapped up a momentous week marked by a $1.4 trillion debt swap program that fell short of many investors' calls for more direct government support. For many, the reaction among investors only reinforced the need to look at longer-term opportunities in individual stocks that haven't changed. The Ministry of Finance signaled at a closely watched press conference Friday that more fiscal support could come next year , while in the near term it focused on addressing local government debt. The relatively muted measures come as China gears up for heightened trade relations with the U.S. under President-elect Donald Trump, who has threatened to impose high tariffs on imported goods. Through it all, the CSI 300 stock index in Shanghair managed to rise nearly 6.6% last week, while the Hang Seng Index in Hong Kong rallied 3.2%. Stopping further weakness On a macroeconomic level, China is trying to ensure inflation and employment don't deteriorate further, said Liqian Ren, leader of quantitative investment at WisdomTree. While Ren doesn't expect a return to rapid growth, she is watching how Chinese companies are able to build up their brands and charge a premium, maturing from models that previously competed only on price. "So I think consumer companies like Anta , I think not many people have understood outside China, but it is really becoming the world's leading sportswear company," Ren said. "I think they are also going to make a global play soon. But not many Americans know about the brand." But if Anta continues on its present path, perhaps in 10 years consumers will regard the company the same as "Adidas or other so called foreign sports brands," Ren said. "That's one thing that I am personally paying attention to." Hong Kong-listed Anta sells sportswear under its own brand while owning Fila and high-end brand Descente, among others. The company said in October that Anta-brand retail sales for the third quarter rose by the mid-single digits from a year ago, while that of Fila weakened and other brands surged by as much as 50%. Anta shares are up 18% so far in 2024. China's efforts to rival foreign brands have not diminished, regardless of the slowdown. Baidu is reportedly scheduled Tuesday to release its own artificial intelligence-connected glasses, vying with Meta's RayBans product. Xpeng expansion Electric car startup Xpeng in the past week announced its own humanoid robot , and a new $26,000 car called the P7+ that's already racked up more than 30,000 preorders for deliveries due to start this month. The products are largely only going to be available in China, at least initially. "For Chinese EVs, the door is now closed, and re-shoring is impractical," Macquarie analysts said in a Nov. 7 report. "Our top pick is XPeng, a China pure play." "XPeng has no exposure to the U.S. market and no current plans to enter the market," the analysts said. "Domestic volume has room to ramp quickly, led by new competitive models like the M03 and P7+. The successful launch of the M03 has helped to alleviate investor concerns about supply chain management and product competitiveness." "Upcoming catalysts, such as the pure-vision ADAS M03 and the launch of a hybrid system car could benefit from domestic confidence/consumption recovery and are unaffected by geopolitical events," the Macquarie analysts said. About half of Xpeng's 20,000-plus deliveries in each of the past two months have come from its lower-priced Mona M03 car. In the consumer sector, Macquarie's top pick is Yum China , which operates Pizza Hut and KFC in China. "YUMC is our top idea in the consumer sector given that it is a pure domestic market play," the analysts said. "The company's strategy shift towards franchisee stores and new store format K COFFEE as well as Pizza Hut WoW would be a secular growth driver, which can decouple from geopolitical risk." Yum China has ramped up shareholder return targets to $4.5 billion in 2026 from $3 billion in 2024, they added. Yum China on Nov. 4 reported third-quarter earnings, showing operating profit grew by 15% year-on-year to $371 million. Xpeng is due to release quarterly results on Nov. 19. In the week ahead, internet giants Tencent and Alibaba both report earnings. The central government is scheduled Friday Nov. 15 to release retail sales and industrial data for October. "You have to be very willing to suffer the negative sentiment to invest in China," Ren said. There are often "long stretch[es] of negative sentiment which really test a person's risk-taking." But she also highlighted that Chinese stocks can serve as a hedge to other equity markets. — CNBC's Michael Bloom contributed to this report.

### DATE: 
2024-11-10

### Summary: 
For many, the reaction among investors only reinforced the need to look at longer-term opportunities in individual stocks that haven't changed.
About half of Xpeng's 20,000-plus deliveries in each of the past two months have come from its lower-priced Mona M03 car.
In the consumer sector, Macquarie's top pick is Yum China , which operates Pizza Hut and KFC in China.
Yum China on Nov. 4 reported third-quarter earnings, showing operating profit grew by 15% year-on-year to $371 million.
"You have to be very willing to suffer the negative sentiment to invest in China," Ren said.

### Keywords: 
car
anta
opportunities
stocks
brands
chinese
longerterm
ren
watching
analysts
week
xpeng
nov
china
m03

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 227


### TITLE: 
‘Two-stocks’ are better than one? Repacking ‘pair trades'

### TEXT: 
In this article LLY

WFC

NFLX

F

MSTR

YUM

COIN

GOOGL

CMCSA

NYT

JPM

TSLA

INTC

NVDA

M

AMZN Follow your favorite stocks CREATE FREE ACCOUNT

watch now

The exchange-traded fund industry is trying to make pair-trade strategies more accessible to everyday investors. Tidal Financial Group's Michael Venuto filed last month for eight two-stock ETFs: going long one stock and short the other. "They should come out probably in about two or three months," Venuto, the firm's chief investment officer and co-founder, said on CNBC's "Halftime Report" this week.

Zoom In Icon Arrows pointing outwards

These new ETFs aim to simplify long-short trades by bundling both positions into one product and eliminating the need for separate trades, according to U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission filings.

Zoom In Icon Arrows pointing outwards

### DATE: 
2024-11-09

### Summary: 
In this article LLYWFCNFLXFMSTRYUMCOINGOOGLCMCSANYTJPMTSLAINTCNVDAMAMZN Follow your favorite stocks CREATE FREE ACCOUNTwatch nowThe exchange-traded fund industry is trying to make pair-trade strategies more accessible to everyday investors.
Tidal Financial Group's Michael Venuto filed last month for eight two-stock ETFs: going long one stock and short the other.
"They should come out probably in about two or three months," Venuto, the firm's chief investment officer and co-founder, said on CNBC's "Halftime Report" this week.
Zoom In Icon Arrows pointing outwardsThese new ETFs aim to simplify long-short trades by bundling both positions into one product and eliminating the need for separate trades, according to U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission filings.
Zoom In Icon Arrows pointing outwards

### Keywords: 
trades
better
tidal
repacking
icon
pair
pointing
trying
twostock
venuto
arrows
etfs
weekzoom
twostocks

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 228


### TITLE: 
Stocks making the biggest moves midday: Tesla, Airbnb, Toast, Pinterest and more

### TEXT: 
Check out the companies making headlines in midday trading: Tesla — The electric vehicle stock gained nearly 7%, continuing to rally on the heels of Donald Trump winning a second presidential term. The Elon Musk-helmed company saw its market capitalization rise to $1 trillion on Friday. Shares have gained more than 26% this week. Trump Media & Technology — Trump's social media company advanced 12% after he said he had no plan to sell any of his nearly $3 billion stake . Five Below — The discount retailer slipped more than 4% as the ramifications of Trump's potential tariffs on Chinese imports continued to weigh on the stock. Upstart — The lending platform surged more than 46% after issuing a better-than-expected revenue forecast for the current quarter, on top of surpassing analysts' estimates for both revenue and earnings in the third quarter. Pinterest — Shares of the image-sharing platform pulled back 16% after the company issued a lower-than-expected revenue outlook for the current quarter. Block — The Cash App parent company slumped more than 4.5% after its third-quarter revenue of $5.98 billion missed expectations. Analysts anticipated revenue of $6.24 billion, per LSEG. Airbnb — Shares fell more than 8% after the homestay company posted mixed quarterly results. Airbnb managed to beat revenue estimates, but earnings came just below expectations. DraftKings — Shares of the sports betting company gained 1% even after DraftKings posted weaker-than-expected third-quarter earnings and a disappointing revenue outlook for the current quarter. Toast — The restaurant management company climbed 13% after it forecast adjusted EBITDA of between $90 million and $100 million for the current quarter. Analysts expected guidance around $74.8 million, per LSEG. Arista Networks — Shares of the computer networking company fell 7% despite third-quarter results beating analysts' estimates. Arista also announced a four-for-one stock split. Lucid Group — The stock fell more than 4% despite the electric carmaker posting better-than-expected third-quarter results . The company posted an adjusted loss per share of 28 cents on revenue of $200 million. Analysts expected a loss of 30 cents per share on $198 million in revenue, according to LSEG. That said, Lucid's net loss widened in the period, posting $992.5 million versus $630.9 million in the year-ago period. Capri Holdings — The fashion holding company sank more than 10% following a fiscal second-quarter earnings and revenue miss. Capri reported an adjusted 65 cents per share on revenue of $1.08 billion. Analysts polled by LSEG expected 75 cents in earnings per share and $1.18 billion. Monster Beverage — The energy drink company shed 2.1% after reporting worse-than-anticipated results for the third quarter. Monster earned 40 cents per share, excluding items, on $1.88 billion in revenue, while analysts polled by FactSet predicted 43 cents in earnings per share and $1.91 billion in revenue. Affirm Holdings — Shares dipped more than 10% even as the buy now, pay later company reported better-than-expected first-quarter results on the top and bottom lines . BioNTech — The German biotechnology company advanced nearly 5% after Goldman Sachs upgraded the stock to buy from neutral , citing upside from a new cancer treatment. Bath & Body Works — Shares pulled back nearly 6% after Barclays downgraded the retailer to equal weight from overweight, over concern that sales and margin could be squeezed in 2025. — CNBC's Hakyung Kim, Alex Harring and Sean Conlon contributed reporting.

### DATE: 
2024-11-08

### Summary: 
Pinterest — Shares of the image-sharing platform pulled back 16% after the company issued a lower-than-expected revenue outlook for the current quarter.
Block — The Cash App parent company slumped more than 4.5% after its third-quarter revenue of $5.98 billion missed expectations.
Toast — The restaurant management company climbed 13% after it forecast adjusted EBITDA of between $90 million and $100 million for the current quarter.
Analysts expected a loss of 30 cents per share on $198 million in revenue, according to LSEG.
That said, Lucid's net loss widened in the period, posting $992.5 million versus $630.9 million in the year-ago period.

### Keywords: 
share
toast
moves
earnings
stocks
million
company
biggest
billion
cents
tesla
shares
quarter
analysts
pinterest
midday
airbnb
revenue
making

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 229


### TITLE: 
Stocks making the biggest moves premarket: Pinterest, Monster Beverage, Bath & Body Works, Trump Media and more

### TEXT: 
Check out the companies making headlines before the bell: Trump Media & Technology Group — Shares of President-elect Donald Trump's media company fell another 4.6% in premarket trading following a 23% plunge in the previous session. The stock, which trades under the ticker of Trump's initials, DJT, has given up Wednesday's rally triggered by Trump's election victory. It is down more than 9% week to date as of Thursday's close. Upstart — The artificial intelligence-focused lending marketplace surged 20% after third-quarter results surpassed Wall Street expectations. Upstart lost 6 cents per share in the quarter, excluding items, much narrower than the loss of 15 cents forecast by analysts, according to LSEG. The company saw $162 million in revenue, topping the consensus expectation for $150 million. Upstart also issued a better-than-expected revenue outlook for the current quarter. Pinterest — Shares plunged roughly 12.6% after the online image-sharing platform posted disappointing fourth-quarter guidance. The company sees revenue between $1.125 billion and $1.145 billion. The midpoint of that guidance, $1.135 billion, was below consensus. Block — Shares retreated 2.7% following the financial technology platform's miss on third-quarter revenue. Block saw $5.98 billion in sales, under the expected $6.24 billion by analysts surveyed by LSEG. However, adjusted earnings per share came in slightly better than the Street anticipated. Airbnb — Shares declined 7.3% on mixed quarterly results. Airbnb topped revenue estimates, but earnings came in 1 cent per share shy of expectations. DraftKings — The sports-betting stock lost 5.3% on the back of weak earnings for the third quarter and its outlook. DraftKings guided current-quarter adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization in a range between $240 million and $280 million, lower than the estimate for somewhere between $340 million and $420 million, per LSEG. Sweetgreen — The salad chain tumbled 16.5% in the wake of an earnings miss for the third quarter. Sweetgreen recorded losses of 18 cents per share on revenue of $173 million, while analysts surveyed by LSEG had expected a narrower loss of 13 cents per share and $175 million in revenue. Toast — The restaurant management platform's stock rallied 14.2% on the back of strong third-quarter results and guidance. Looking ahead, Toast said to expect adjusted EBITDA between $90 million and $100 million in the fourth quarter, despite analysts polled by StreetAccount penciling in just $74.8 million. Arista Networks — The computer networking firm pulled back 4.9% despite issuing strong earnings and announcing a 4-for-1 stock split. Arista earned an adjusted $2.40 per share in the third quarter on revenue of $1.81 billion, while analysts polled by LSEG had predicted $2.08 in earnings per share and $1.74 billion in revenue. Revenue guidance also came in ahead of expectations. Lucid Group — Shares rose about 5% after the electric carmaker's third-quarter results beat Wall Street's expectations . The company posted an adjusted loss per share of 28 cents on revenue of $200 million, while analysts were expecting a loss of 30 cents per share on $198 million in revenue, according to LSEG. Capri Holdings — The Versace and Michael Kors parent slid 8% following weak results for the second fiscal quarter. Capri earned an adjusted 65 cents per share on $1.08 billion in revenue, while analysts polled by LSEG were looking for 75 cents in earnings per share and $1.18 billion in revenue. Monster Beverage — The energy drink stock dropped 5.4% following a worse-than-expected earnings report for the third quarter. Monster saw 40 cents in earnings per share, excluding items, and $1.88 billion in revenue. Analysts polled by FactSet penciled in 43 cents in earnings per share and $1.91 billion in revenue. Affirm — The buy now, pay later stock slipped 2.4% despite beating Wall Street expectations on both lines in the fiscal first quarter. Affirm lost an adjusted 31 cents per share, narrower than the consensus forecast of 35 cents, according to LSEG. Revenue came in at $698 million, higher than the $664 million expected by analysts. BioNTech — U.S.-listed shares of the German biotechnology company popped 3.9% on the heels of a Goldman Sachs upgrade to buy from neutral. Goldman cited promise tied to an oncology asset and said the stock could rally more than 25%. Bath & Body Works — The fragrance retailer slid 2.7% in the wake of a Barclays downgrade to underweight from equal weight. Barclays said the company could face pressures on sales and margins in 2025. — CNBC's Sean Conlon, Yun Li, Pia Singh and Samantha Subin contributed reporting.

### DATE: 
2024-11-08

### Summary: 
The company saw $162 million in revenue, topping the consensus expectation for $150 million.
Monster saw 40 cents in earnings per share, excluding items, and $1.88 billion in revenue.
Analysts polled by FactSet penciled in 43 cents in earnings per share and $1.91 billion in revenue.
Affirm lost an adjusted 31 cents per share, narrower than the consensus forecast of 35 cents, according to LSEG.
Bath & Body Works — The fragrance retailer slid 2.7% in the wake of a Barclays downgrade to underweight from equal weight.

### Keywords: 
share
moves
premarket
lseg
earnings
stocks
million
trump
billion
cents
quarter
body
media
analysts
works
monster
pinterest
revenue
making
stock

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 230


### TITLE: 
China announces $1.4 trillion package over five years to tackle local governments' 'hidden' debt

### TEXT: 
BEIJING – China on Friday announced a five-year package totaling 10 trillion yuan ($1.4 trillion) to tackle local government debt problems, while signaling more economic support would come next year.

Minister of Finance Lan Fo'an told reporters Friday that authorities planned to "actively use" the available deficit space that can be expanded next year. He called back to October, when he had said that the space to take this step was "rather large."

His comments, translated by CNBC, came after the standing committee for China's parliament, the National People's Congress, on Friday wrapped up a five-day meeting that approved a proposal to allocate an additional 6 trillion yuan to increase the debt limit for local governments.

The program takes effect this year and will run through the end of 2026 for around 2 trillion yuan a year, Lan told reporters.

He added that, starting this year, central authorities would issue an annual 800 billion yuan in local government special bonds over a five-year stretch, for a total of 4 trillion yuan.

The policies would contribute to local governments' efforts to reduce their so-called "hidden debt," which Lan estimates could drop from 14.3 trillion yuan as of the end of 2023 to 2.3 trillion yuan by 2028, Lan said. He noted how the new measures would alleviate pressure on local authorities and free up funds for supporting economic growth.

"The local government's hidden debt resolution measures introduced by China today are a concrete manifestation of the central government's economic policy shift, with a total debt amount beating market expectations, to a certain extent," said Haizhong Chang, executive director for corporates at Fitch Bohua.

"Compared with the amount of debt resolution in recent years, the scale is significantly larger this time," he said.

The debt swap program, however, fell short of many investors' expectations for more direct fiscal support. The iShares China Large-Cap ETF (FXI) was nearly 5% lower in premarket trading.

"While the market may have to wait for more substantial policy changes, the potential for future monetary and fiscal measures remains," Chaoping Zhu, Shanghai-based global market strategist at J.P. Morgan Asset Management, said in a note. "Factors such as a deep stock market correction, export headwinds, or mounting fiscal pressures on local governments could serve as catalysts for policy escalation."

### DATE: 
2024-11-08

### Summary: 
BEIJING – China on Friday announced a five-year package totaling 10 trillion yuan ($1.4 trillion) to tackle local government debt problems, while signaling more economic support would come next year.
The program takes effect this year and will run through the end of 2026 for around 2 trillion yuan a year, Lan told reporters.
He added that, starting this year, central authorities would issue an annual 800 billion yuan in local government special bonds over a five-year stretch, for a total of 4 trillion yuan.
The policies would contribute to local governments' efforts to reduce their so-called "hidden debt," which Lan estimates could drop from 14.3 trillion yuan as of the end of 2023 to 2.3 trillion yuan by 2028, Lan said.
"Factors such as a deep stock market correction, export headwinds, or mounting fiscal pressures on local governments could serve as catalysts for policy escalation."

### Keywords: 
policy
package
announces
market
14
debt
hidden
trillion
fiscal
governments
measures
tackle
local
lan
yuan
china

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 231


### TITLE: 
Stocks making the biggest moves after hours: Airbnb, Pinterest, Expedia, Rivian and more

### TEXT: 
Check out the companies making headlines in extended trading: Rivian — The electric vehicle maker added nearly 2% despite missing on both top and bottom lines in the third quarter. Rivian posted an adjusted loss of 99 cents per share on $874 million in revenue. Analysts polled by LSEG had forecast a loss of 92 cents per share on revenue of $990 million. Pinterest — Shares tumbled 11% after the social media company posted weak guidance for its fourth-quarter revenue. Pinterest guided revenue to fall between $1.125 million and $1.145 million. The midpoint of the fourth-quarter guidance, $1.135 million, came below analysts' estimates of $1.143 million, per LSEG. The company posted beats on the top and bottom lines in the third quarter. Block — Shares dipped 2% after the fintech firm reported a third-quarter revenue miss . Block posted sales of $5.98 billion, while analysts polled by LSEG had anticipated $6.24 billion. On the other hand, Block's adjusted earnings of 88 cents per share beat analysts' estimates by one cent. Airbnb — Shares of the online homestays company slipped nearly 3%. Airbnb posted third-quarter earnings of $2.13 per share, 1 cent shy of the consensus forecast, per LSEG. Quarterly revenue of $3.73 billion was slightly above analysts' estimates for $3.72 billion. Akamai Technologies — Shares slid 6% as the cloud computing company issued disappointing full-year guidance. Akamai said its adjusted earnings for the period will range between $6.31 and $6.38 per share on revenue of $3.966 billion to $3.991 billion. Analysts polled by FactSet anticipated $6.43 per share in earnings and $3.99 billion in revenue. DraftKings — The sports betting company tumbled 4% after guidance missed the mark. DraftKings said its fourth-quarter adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization will range between $240 million and $280 million. Analysts polled by LSEG sought $340 million to $420 million. The company also fell short of the Street's expectations in the third quarter. Sweetgreen — The salad chain dropped more than 10% after missing on top and bottom lines in the third quarter. Sweetgreen announced losses of 18 cents per share, while analysts had expected a loss of 13 cents per share, according to LSEG. Revenue of $173 million also fell short of the $175 million forecast by analysts. Toast — Shares of the restaurant management software company surged 19% on strong fourth-quarter guidance. Toast guided fourth-quarter adjusted EBITDA between $90 million and $100 million. Analysts polled by StreetAccount estimated $74.8 million. Third-quarter results also beat estimates on both top and bottom lines. Expedia Group — Shares of the travel service company jumped 3%. Expedia's adjusted earnings for the third quarter came in at $6.13 per share, beating analysts' call for $6.04 a share, per LSEG. Revenue came in at $4.06 billion and narrowly missing analysts' forecast for $4.11 billion. The company also said Chief Financial Officer Julie Whalen will be stepping down from her role. Arista Networks — The computer networking company fell 6% despite third-quarter results that topped estimates. Arista Networks reported third-quarter adjusted earnings of $2.40 per share on revenue of $1.81 billion. Analysts had expected earnings of $2.08 per share on $1.74 billion in revenue. The company's fourth-quarter revenue guidance range also beat forecasts. Arista Networks also announced a 4-for-1 stock split. Lucid Group — The electric car manufacturer advanced 6% after narrowly beating analysts' expectations in the third quarter. Lucid reported an adjusted loss of 28 cents per share on revenue of $200 million in the period. Analysts polled by LSEG expected a loss of 30 cents per share and revenue of $198 million. The company also reaffirmed plans to produce about 9,000 vehicles this year, up 6.8% from 2023. Capri Holdings — The owner of Jimmy Choo lost 7% after results in the fiscal second quarter missed analysts' estimates. Capri reported adjusted earnings of 65 cents per share on revenue of $1.08 billion, while the Street sought 75 cents a share in earnings and $1.18 billion in revenue, per LSEG. Revenue for Michael Kors and Versace also came up short of expectations. — CNBC's Darla Mercado, Lisa Kailai Han and Alex Harring contributed reporting.

### DATE: 
2024-11-07

### Summary: 
Rivian posted an adjusted loss of 99 cents per share on $874 million in revenue.
Analysts polled by LSEG had forecast a loss of 92 cents per share on revenue of $990 million.
On the other hand, Block's adjusted earnings of 88 cents per share beat analysts' estimates by one cent.
DraftKings said its fourth-quarter adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization will range between $240 million and $280 million.
Expedia's adjusted earnings for the third quarter came in at $6.13 per share, beating analysts' call for $6.04 a share, per LSEG.

### Keywords: 
share
moves
lseg
adjusted
hours
earnings
stocks
million
company
biggest
billion
cents
analysts
expedia
pinterest
rivian
airbnb
revenue
making

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 232


### TITLE: 
DoubleLine's Gundlach says expect higher rates if Republicans also win the House

### TEXT: 
DoubleLine Capital CEO Jeffrey Gundlach said Thursday that interest rates could shoot higher if Republicans end up controlling the House, securing a governing trifecta that gives President-elect Donald Trump free rein to spend as he pleases.

Gundlach, a noted fixed-income investor whose firm manages over $96 billion, believes the higher government spending would require more borrowing through Treasury issuance, putting upward pressure on bond yields.

"If the House goes to Republicans, there's going to be a lot of debt, there's going to be higher interest rates at the long end, and it'll be interesting to see how the Fed reacts to that," Gundlach said on CNBC's "Closing Bell."

The race to control the House is undecided as of Thursday after Republicans clinched their new Senate majority. The Federal Reserve cut rates Thursday, and traders expect the central bank to cut again in December and several times in 2025.

Notable investors such as Gundlach have been voicing concerns about the challenging fiscal situation. Fiscal 2024 just ended with the government running a budget deficit in excess of $1.8 trillion, including more than $1.1 trillion dedicated solely to paying financing costs on the $36 trillion U.S. debt.

"Trump says he's going to cut taxes ... he's very pro cyclical stimulus," Gundlach said. "So it looks to me that there will be some pressure on interest rates, and particularly at the long end. I think that this election result is very, very consequential."

If the Trump administration extends the 2017 tax cuts or introduces new reductions, it could add a significant amount to the nation's debt in the next few years, worsening the already troublesome fiscal picture.

Still, Gundlach, who had predicted a recession in the U.S., said the Trump presidency makes such an economic downturn less likely.

"I do think that it's right to see the Trump victory as being as reducing the odds for near-term recession fairly substantially," Gundlach said. "Certainly, the odds of recession drop when you have this type of agenda being promoted in plain English for the past three months by Mr. Trump."

### DATE: 
2024-11-07

### Summary: 
DoubleLine Capital CEO Jeffrey Gundlach said Thursday that interest rates could shoot higher if Republicans end up controlling the House, securing a governing trifecta that gives President-elect Donald Trump free rein to spend as he pleases.
"If the House goes to Republicans, there's going to be a lot of debt, there's going to be higher interest rates at the long end, and it'll be interesting to see how the Fed reacts to that," Gundlach said on CNBC's "Closing Bell."
The race to control the House is undecided as of Thursday after Republicans clinched their new Senate majority.
"So it looks to me that there will be some pressure on interest rates, and particularly at the long end.
Still, Gundlach, who had predicted a recession in the U.S., said the Trump presidency makes such an economic downturn less likely.

### Keywords: 
win
house
republicans
trump
rates
interest
trillion
going
expect
doublelines
higher
gundlach
recession

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 233


### TITLE: 
Traders see good chance the Fed cuts again in December then skips in January

### TEXT: 
Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell speaks during a news conference following the Nov. 6-7, 2024, Federal Open Market Committee meeting at William McChesney Martin Jr. Federal Reserve Board Building in Washington, D.C., on Nov. 7, 2024.

Expectations for a December interest rate cut remained strong after the Federal Reserve trimmed rates by a quarter percentage point in November, but market pricing is suggesting the likelihood of a "skip" in January.

On Thursday afternoon, the U.S. central bank lowered the federal funds rate, which determines what banks charge each other for overnight lending, to a target range of 4.5% to 4.75%.

Before the Fed released this decision at 2 p.m. ET, market pricing pointed toward a 67% chance of another quarter-point cut in December and a 33% chance of a pause that month, according to the CME FedWatch Tool.

The probability of a quarter-point December rate cut rose to more than 70% following the meeting, while the chances of a pause slipped to nearly 29%. Future rate probabilities found in the CME FedWatch Tool are derived from trading in 30-day fed funds futures contracts.

Meanwhile, the odds that the Federal Reserve would skip an interest rate cut in January was around 71%. This was slightly higher from 67% before the release of the Fed's November decision on Thursday afternoon.

— CNBC's Jeff Cox contributed to this report.

### DATE: 
2024-11-07

### Summary: 
Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell speaks during a news conference following the Nov. 6-7, 2024, Federal Open Market Committee meeting at William McChesney Martin Jr. Federal Reserve Board Building in Washington, D.C., on Nov. 7, 2024.
ET, market pricing pointed toward a 67% chance of another quarter-point cut in December and a 33% chance of a pause that month, according to the CME FedWatch Tool.
The probability of a quarter-point December rate cut rose to more than 70% following the meeting, while the chances of a pause slipped to nearly 29%.
Future rate probabilities found in the CME FedWatch Tool are derived from trading in 30-day fed funds futures contracts.
Meanwhile, the odds that the Federal Reserve would skip an interest rate cut in January was around 71%.

### Keywords: 
skip
pricing
cuts
chance
fed
market
cut
traders
skips
pause
federal
rate
good
quarterpoint
reserve
67

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 234


### TITLE: 
Here's what changed in the new Fed statement

### TEXT: 
This is a comparison of Thursday's Federal Open Market Committee statement with the one issued after the Fed's previous policymaking meeting in September.

Text removed from the September statement is in red with a horizontal line through the middle.

Text appearing for the first time in the new statement is in red and underlined.

Black text appears in both statements.

### DATE: 
2024-11-07

### Summary: 
This is a comparison of Thursday's Federal Open Market Committee statement with the one issued after the Fed's previous policymaking meeting in September.
Text removed from the September statement is in red with a horizontal line through the middle.
Text appearing for the first time in the new statement is in red and underlined.
Black text appears in both statements.

### Keywords: 
fed
text
previous
statement
septembertext
policymaking
red
statements
underlinedblack
thursdays
removed
changed
heres

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 235


### TITLE: 
Federal Reserve cuts interest rates by a quarter point

### TEXT: 
watch now

WASHINGTON — The Federal Reserve approved its second consecutive interest rate cut Thursday, moving at a less aggressive pace than before but continuing its efforts to right-size monetary policy. In a follow-up to September's big half percentage point reduction, the Federal Open Market Committee lowered its benchmark overnight borrowing rate by a quarter percentage point, or 25 basis points, to a target range of 4.50%-4.75%. The rate sets what banks charge each other for overnight lending but often influences consumer debt instruments such as mortgages, credit cards and auto loans. Markets had widely expected the move, which was telegraphed both at the September meeting and in follow-up remarks from policymakers since then. The vote was unanimous, unlike the previous move that saw the first "no" vote from a Fed governor since 2005. This time, Governor Michelle Bowman went along with the decision. Stocks closed positive after the meeting wrapped, with the Nasdaq, whose holdings are tilted towards the tech sector, rallying 1.5% to lead the major averages. Both the Nasdaq and the S&P 500 closed at record highs. Treasury yields plunged after roaring higher the day before. The post-meeting statement reflected a few tweaks in how the Fed views the economy. Among them was an altered view in how it assesses the effort to bring down inflation while supporting the labor market. "The Committee judges that the risks to achieving its employment and inflation goals are roughly in balance," the document said, a change from September when it noted "greater confidence" in the process.

Recalibrating policy

Fed officials have justified the easing mode for policy as they view supporting employment becoming at least as much of a priority as arresting inflation. The statement slightly downgraded the labor market, saying "conditions have generally eased, and the unemployment rate has moved up but remains low." The committee again said the economy "has continued to expand at a solid pace." Officials have largely framed the change in policy as an attempt to get the rate structure back in line with an economy where inflation is drifting back to the central bank's 2% target while the labor market has shown some indications of softening. Fed Chair Jerome Powell has spoken of "recalibrating" policy back to where it no longer needs to be as restrictive as it was when the central bank focused almost solely on taming inflation. "This further recalibration of our policy stance will help maintain the strength of the economy and the labor market and will continue to enable further progress on inflation as we move towards a more neutral stance," Powell said at his post-meeting news conference. There is uncertainty over how far the Fed will need to go with cuts as the macro economy continues to post solid growth and inflation remains a stifling problem for U.S. households. Gross domestic product grew at a 2.8% pace in the third quarter, less than expected and slightly below the second-quarter level, but still above the historical trend for the U.S. around 1.8%-2%. Preliminary tracking for the fourth quarter is pointing to growth around 2.4%, according to the Atlanta Fed. Generally, the labor market has held up well. However, nonfarm payrolls increased by just by 12,000 in October, though the weakness was attributed in part to storms in the Southeast and labor strikes.

The decision comes amid a changing political backdrop. President-elect Donald Trump scored a stunning victory in Tuesday's election. Economists largely expect his policies to pose challenges for inflation, with his stated intentions of punitive tariffs and mass deportations for undocumented immigrants. In his first term, however, inflation held low while economic growth, outside of the initial phase of the Covid pandemic, held strong. Still, Trump was a fierce critic of Powell and his colleagues during his first stint in office, and the chair's term expires in early 2026. Central bankers assiduously steer clear of commenting on political matters, but the Trump dynamic could be an overhang for the course of policy ahead. An acceleration in economic activity under Trump could persuade the Fed to cut rates less, depending on how inflation reacts. Powell said the new administration won't factor directly into monetary policy. "In the near term, the election will have no effect on our policy decisions," Powell said. The November meeting was moved back a day due to the election. Powell also said he would not step down even if the president-elect asked for his resignation. He ended the news conference a bit shorter than usual after being peppered with questions about the incoming administration.

Pace of future cuts

### DATE: 
2024-11-07

### Summary: 
watch nowWASHINGTON — The Federal Reserve approved its second consecutive interest rate cut Thursday, moving at a less aggressive pace than before but continuing its efforts to right-size monetary policy.
Among them was an altered view in how it assesses the effort to bring down inflation while supporting the labor market.
The statement slightly downgraded the labor market, saying "conditions have generally eased, and the unemployment rate has moved up but remains low."
Generally, the labor market has held up well.
An acceleration in economic activity under Trump could persuade the Fed to cut rates less, depending on how inflation reacts.

### Keywords: 
term
inflation
quarter
point
cuts
powell
market
fed
interest
rates
economy
trump
federal
labor
rate
policy
reserve

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 236


### TITLE: 
Stocks making the biggest moves midday: Warner Bros. Discovery, AppLovin, Wolfspeed, Lyft and more

### TEXT: 
Check out the companies making headlines in midday trading: Dutch Bros — The stock popped more than 32% following the coffee chain's better-than-expected third-quarter results. Dutch Bros earned 16 cents per share on revenue of $338 million for the period, while analysts surveyed by LSEG had penciled in 12 cents in earnings per share and $325 million in revenue. Trump Media & Technology Group — Shares of President-elect Donald Trump's media company plunged more than 20%, giving back the gains in the previous session triggered by his election victory. The stock had popped 5.9% on Wednesday after the Republican was elected the 47th president of the U.S. Warner Bros. Discovery — Shares of the streaming platform jumped 9.9% after Warner Bros. Discovery reported third-quarter earnings that reflected its biggest quarterly subscription growth since inception. Warner Bros. Discovery added 7.2 million global subscribers during the quarterly period and had 110.5 million subscribers as of Sept. 30. Under Armour — The athletic clothing company's stock rallied 33% on stronger-than-expected fiscal second-quarter results. Under Armour posted adjusted earnings per share of 30 cents on revenue of $1.40 billion, while analysts polled by LSEG expected a profit of 20 cents per share and revenue of $1.39 billion. Lyft — Shares rallied 24% after the ride-share company posted a fourth-quarter outlook that beat analysts' expectations. Lyft expects current-quarter bookings to come in between $4.28 billion to $4.35 billion, topping a FactSet consensus of $4.23 billion. Lyft also reported a third-quarter adjusted EBITDA and revenue beat. Wolfspeed — The semiconductor manufacturer plunged 34% after fiscal first-quarter revenue and current-quarter guidance came in weaker than expected. Wolfspeed posted revenue of $195 million for the first fiscal quarter, missing the LSEG consensus forecast by $5 million. The company said to expect between $160 million and $200 million in revenue during the current quarter, less than the $215 million figure penciled in. Match Group — Shares of the dating platform fell 17% on mixed third-quarter results and a disappointing fourth-quarter revenue outlook. The company called for a range of $865 million to $875 million in revenue for the fourth quarter, coming out below the forecast $905.1 million from analysts polled by FactSet. Arm Holdings — The semiconductor company gained 5.5% after its quarter results beat estimates. Arm posted adjusted earnings per share of 30 cents on revenue of $844 million for the second quarter. Analysts polled by LSEG forecast a profit of 26 cents per share and revenue of $808 million. Take-Two Interactive Software — The video game maker advanced 6% after posting a top-line beat in the fiscal second quarter. Take-Two reported $1.47 billion in revenue, topping the expectation of $1.43 billion from analysts surveyed by LSEG. HubSpot — Shares rose 10% after the customer platform company's quarterly earnings of $2.18 per share on revenue of $669.7 million surpassed expectations. Analysts polled by FactSet estimated earnings of $1.91 per share on $647 million in revenue. AppLovin — The software publisher's stock price skyrocketed 44% after its third-quarter results beat analysts' expectations. AppLovin also guided its fourth-quarter EBITDA of $740 million to $760 million, higher than the $667 million StreetAccount forecast. Zillow Group — The housing market site saw its shares jump 24%, driven by higher-than-expected earnings and revenue results from the third quarter. Zillow posted adjusted earnings per share of 35 cents on revenue of $581 million. Analysts surveyed by LSEG forecast 29 cents in earnings per share and $555 million in revenue. e.l.f. Beauty — Shares of the beauty products retailer popped 18% after e.l.f. Beauty lifted its full-year earnings and revenue outlook. The company forecast earnings in the range of $3.47 to $3.53 per share, higher than prior guidance of $3.36 to $3.41 per share. Its revenue is now in the range of $1.31 billion to $1.33 billion, up from a forecast of $1.28 billion to $1.30 billion. Gilead Sciences — Shares gained 5.9% after the biotech company issued better-than-expected full-year earnings guidance. The company now sees earnings per share in the range of $4.25 to $4.45. Analysts polled by LSEG called for $3.80 per share. — CNBC's Alex Harring, Sean Conlon, Hakyung Kim, Yun Li and Lisa Kailai Han contributed reporting.

### DATE: 
2024-11-07

### Summary: 
The stock had popped 5.9% on Wednesday after the Republican was elected the 47th president of the U.S. Warner Bros.
Lyft expects current-quarter bookings to come in between $4.28 billion to $4.35 billion, topping a FactSet consensus of $4.23 billion.
Wolfspeed posted revenue of $195 million for the first fiscal quarter, missing the LSEG consensus forecast by $5 million.
Arm posted adjusted earnings per share of 30 cents on revenue of $844 million for the second quarter.
AppLovin also guided its fourth-quarter EBITDA of $740 million to $760 million, higher than the $667 million StreetAccount forecast.

### Keywords: 
share
moves
lyft
earnings
stocks
million
company
biggest
billion
discovery
cents
shares
warner
bros
quarter
analysts
midday
wolfspeed
revenue
making

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 237


### TITLE: 
Wall Street expects Trump presidency will unlock deal-making

### TEXT: 
Attendees cheer as a broadcast of former US President and Republican presidential candidate Donald Trum speaking at his Florida election party is shown on a screen at the Nevada GOP election watch party in Las Vegas, Nevada on November 6, 2024. Ronda Churchill | Afp | Getty Images

Wall Street dealmakers and corporate leaders expect the flood gates to open on merger and acquisition activity after President-elect Donald Trump takes office in January. And he'll likely have congressional help. Trump defeated Democratic candidate Vice President Kamala Harris, and Republicans claimed a majority of the Senate in elections this week. That red wave is expected to spell loosening regulations on deal-making, with plenty of pent-up demand. "We know kind of where the world is headed in a Trump environment because we've seen it before," said Jeffrey Solomon, president of TD Cowen, on CNBC's "Money Movers" Wednesday. "I think the regulatory environment will be much more conducive to economic growth. There will be lighter and targeted regulation." Solomon added that the scaled-back regulation will be focused on certain areas "of particular interest to the Trump administration," rather than a broad based reassessment of the entire landscape. In recent years, there has been greater scrutiny of pending deals by the Biden administration's Department of Justice and Federal Trade Commission, headed by Chair Lina Khan. Some have pointed to that dynamic as a chilling factor on deal flow. High interest rates and soaring company valuations have contributed, too. Khan said in September that "when you see greater scrutiny of mergers, you can see greater deterrence of illegal mergers." Her hard line has drawn harsh criticism, but now, there's optimism around a forthcoming FTC with a lighter hand. "Assuming interest rates drop and you see corporate tax rates go down, the ingredients are there for a really active M&A market," said one top dealmaker, who talked to CNBC on the condition of anonymity to speak candidly. On Wednesday, markets rallied on the Republican presidential win, with the Dow Jones Industrial Average soaring 1,500 points to a new record high.

Sector specific

Some sectors, including financial and pharmaceutical industries in particular, are likely to get a lift under a second Trump regime, experts said. Pharmaceutical executives are especially optimistic that lighter antitrust enforcement could clear the way for deal-making, said one health-care-focused M&A advisor, who added that antitrust enforcement could have "hardly gotten worse" under either administration but now believes things will improve "meaningfully." Khan has taken on scores of biopharma mergers over the last four years, arguing that monopolies will stifle the development of new drugs in certain disease areas and hurt consumer choice. Biotech company Illumina last year said it would divest diagnostic test maker Grail after heated battles with the FTC and European antitrust regulators. Also last year, the FTC blocked Sanofi's proposed acquisition of a drug in development for Pompe disease, a genetic condition, from Maze Therapeutics. Sanofi ultimately terminated that deal. "Whether or not Lina Khan is bounced day one is a key consideration, but even if fewer changes at the FTC take place, there is no doubt this administration — at least on paper — will be far more amicable when it comes to business combinations," Jared Holz, Mizuho health-care equity strategist, said in an email on Wednesday. One top dealmaker expected an M&A uptick broadly, but agreed that pharmaceuticals and the financial sector were particularly poised for a resurgence. That deal-maker also noted that with the Senate flipping, more outspoken antitrust voices like Sen. Elizabeth Warren, D-Mass., could find it more difficult to push for DOJ or FTC investigations. In the financial sector regional banks recognize the need for scale, making them likely candidates for consolidation, said one former industry executive, noting that smaller banks had been getting gobbled up for "some time." That person expects the pace and size of those acquisitions to ramp up under a Trump presidency. Other industries, such as tech, may still face an uphill battle in getting deals done. One M&A advisor, who also spoke to CNBC anonymously, noted that Trump's disdain for Big Tech companies — historically active deal-makers — might keep them on the sidelines. On Wednesday, tech leaders took to social media to congratulate Trump. Apparent GOP opposition to the CHIPS Act means that semiconductor consolidation might be challenging, the advisor noted, while cautioning it is still too early to know what a Trump presidency would mean. CNBC previously reported that Qualcomm recently approached Intel about a potential takeover. "I think the simplest way to put it is more deals, less regulation with the administration having its thumb on the scale, perhaps with a willingness to pick winners and losers," said Jonathan Miller, chief executive of Integrated Media, which specializes in digital media investments.

Eyes on retail, media

David Zaslav at the Allen & Company Sun Valley Conference on July 9, 2024 in Sun Valley, Idaho. David Grogan | CNBC

### DATE: 
2024-11-07

### Summary: 
Ronda Churchill | Afp | Getty ImagesWall Street dealmakers and corporate leaders expect the flood gates to open on merger and acquisition activity after President-elect Donald Trump takes office in January.
Trump defeated Democratic candidate Vice President Kamala Harris, and Republicans claimed a majority of the Senate in elections this week.
That red wave is expected to spell loosening regulations on deal-making, with plenty of pent-up demand.
Solomon added that the scaled-back regulation will be focused on certain areas "of particular interest to the Trump administration," rather than a broad based reassessment of the entire landscape.
That person expects the pace and size of those acquisitions to ramp up under a Trump presidency.

### Keywords: 
expects
dealmaking
ma
administration
regulation
trump
rates
khan
street
cnbc
tech
presidency
unlock
antitrust
ftc
wall

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 238


### TITLE: 
Stocks making the biggest moves premarket: Lyft, SolarEdge, Qualcomm, Moderna and more

### TEXT: 
Check out the companies making headlines in premarket trading. Lyft — The rideshare stock advanced more than 23% after a stronger-than-expected fourth-quarter outlook. Lyft expects bookings in the current quarter of $4.28 billion to $4.35 billion, while analysts polled by FactSet expected $4.23 billion. Arm Holdings — Shares of the semiconductor company slipped about 7% despite second-quarter results surpassing Wall Street estimates. Arm reported adjusted earnings per share of 30 cents on revenue of $844 million, while analysts polled by LSEG forecast a profit of 26 cents per share and revenue of $808 million. Wolfspeed — Stock in the semiconductor manufacturer plummeted more than 25% after a revenue miss and a lower-than-expected outlook. Wolfspeed forecasts fiscal second-quarter revenue in the range of $160 million to $200 million, while analysts surveyed by LSEG were looking for $215 million. Take-Two Interactive Sotftware — Shares of the video game designer gained more than 4% after its second-quarter revenue of $1.47 billion surpassed an expected $1.43 billion from analysts polled by LSEG. HubSpot — Shares gained about 7% in premarket trading. The customer platform company's third-quarter results of $2.18 per share on revenue of $669.7 million beat the forecasted earnings of $1.91 per share on $647 million in revenue from analysts surveyed by FactSet. SolarEdge — The solar panel inverter stock slipped more than 16% after a third-quarter revenue miss. SolarEdge reported revenue of $261 million, while analysts surveyed by LSEG were looking for $269 million. Dutch Bros — Stock in the coffee franchise added 18% on the heels of better-than-expected third-quarter results. The company posted adjusted earnings per share of 16 cents and $338 million in revenue, while analysts polled by LSEG forecast earnings of 12 cents per share and revenue of $325 million. Bumble — Shares of the online dating company were down nearly 6% after posting a loss of $5.11 per share, due to an impairment charge. Third-quarter revenue surpassed Wall Street estimates, and the company expects fourth-quarter revenue of $256 million to $262 million, compared with an estimate of $260 million. Duolingo — The learning app company's shares fell 5% despite posting a top- and bottom-line beat in the third quarter. However, the number of paid subscribers — 8.6 million — came in slightly below the consensus estimate for 8.66 million, per StreetAccount. AppLovin — Shares surged 32% after the software publisher's third-quarter results surpassed analysts' expectations. AppLovin expects adjusted EBITDA of $740 million to $760 million in the fourth quarter, which is higher than the $667 million StreetAccount forecast. Match Group — Shares pulled back about 14% after posting mixed third-quarter results. The dating platform company's fourth-quarter revenue outlook called for a range of $865 million to $875 million, below the forecast $905.1 million from analysts polled by FactSet. Qualcomm — The chipmaker rallied 5% before the bell on strong earnings and guidance . The company also said its board approved $15 billion in additional share repurchases. E.l.f. Beauty — Stock in the cosmetics company gained more than 7% after it raised its full-year earnings and revenue outlook. The firm now forecasts earnings in the range of $3.47 to $3.53 per share, compared with prior guidance of $3.36 to $3.41 per share. E.l.f. Beauty expects revenue in the range of $1.31 billion to $1.33 billion, up from a forecast of $1.28 billion to $1.30 billion. Zillow — Stock in the housing market site advanced more than 13% after beating Wall Street estimates on the top and bottom line in the third quarter. Zillow reported adjusted earnings per share of 35 cents on revenue of $581 million, while analysts polled by LSEG forecast 29 cents per share and $555 million, respectively. Gilead Sciences — Shares of the biopharmaceutical company added about 2% after surpassing Wall Street esitmates for its full-year earnings guidance. Gilead now forecasts earnings per share in the range of $4.25 to $4.45 per share, while analysts polled by LSEG were looking for $3.80. Moderna — Shares rallied 7% after Moderna's third-quarter earnings and revenue topped expectations. Earnings of 3 cents per share was greater than the expected loss of $1.90 per share loss, per LSEG. Revenue of $1.86 billion surpassed the expected $1.25 billion. Under Armour — Shares gained 25% after stronger-than-expected second-quarter results. The athletic clothing company reported adjusted earnings per share of 30 cents on revenue of $1.40 billion while analysts polled by LSEG called for a profit of 20 cents per share and revenue of $1.39 billion. Hershey — Shares slipped more than 3% after weaker-than-expected third-quarter results. Hershey earned $2.34 per share after adjustments on revenue of $2.99 billion, while analysts surveyed by LSEG expected it to earn $2.56 per share on $3.08 billion in revenue. — CNBC's Samantha Subin, Hakyung Kim and Sarah Min contributed reporting

### DATE: 
2024-11-07

### Summary: 
Lyft expects bookings in the current quarter of $4.28 billion to $4.35 billion, while analysts polled by FactSet expected $4.23 billion.
SolarEdge — The solar panel inverter stock slipped more than 16% after a third-quarter revenue miss.
SolarEdge reported revenue of $261 million, while analysts surveyed by LSEG were looking for $269 million.
Third-quarter revenue surpassed Wall Street estimates, and the company expects fourth-quarter revenue of $256 million to $262 million, compared with an estimate of $260 million.
Moderna — Shares rallied 7% after Moderna's third-quarter earnings and revenue topped expectations.

### Keywords: 
share
moves
premarket
lseg
lyft
moderna
earnings
stocks
million
biggest
billion
thirdquarter
cents
shares
solaredge
analysts
qualcomm
revenue
making

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 239


### TITLE: 
China urges U.S. cooperation as Trump trade threat looms

### TEXT: 
U.S. President Donald Trump and China's President Xi Jinping at the G20 leaders summit in Japan on June 29, 2019.

BEIJING — China emphasized the need for greater cooperation with the U.S., a day after it became clear President-elect Donald Trump would become the next leader of the White House.

"The Chinese side is willing, on the basis of mutual respect, peaceful coexistence and win-win cooperation, to increase communication with the U.S., expand cooperation and resolve differences," He Yongqian, spokesperson at China's Ministry of Commerce, told reporters Thursday in Mandarin, according to a CNBC translation.

She was responding to a question about China's views and planned countermeasures, given the potential for increased U.S. tariffs and restrictions on high-end tech.

"Together [we can] push China-U.S. economic and trade relations toward a stable, healthy and sustainable direction, for the benefit of both countries and the world," the commerce spokesperson said.

Her comments echoed those of Chinese President Xi Jinping, who earlier in the day noted the benefits of bilateral cooperation in a congratulatory message to Trump, according to a Ministry of Foreign Affairs readout.

### DATE: 
2024-11-07

### Summary: 
U.S. President Donald Trump and China's President Xi Jinping at the G20 leaders summit in Japan on June 29, 2019.
BEIJING — China emphasized the need for greater cooperation with the U.S., a day after it became clear President-elect Donald Trump would become the next leader of the White House.
She was responding to a question about China's views and planned countermeasures, given the potential for increased U.S. tariffs and restrictions on high-end tech.
"Together [we can] push China-U.S. economic and trade relations toward a stable, healthy and sustainable direction, for the benefit of both countries and the world," the commerce spokesperson said.
Her comments echoed those of Chinese President Xi Jinping, who earlier in the day noted the benefits of bilateral cooperation in a congratulatory message to Trump, according to a Ministry of Foreign Affairs readout.

### Keywords: 
trade
president
spokesperson
trump
xi
day
jinping
threat
donald
ministry
looms
cooperation
urges
china
chinas

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 240


### TITLE: 
Adyen shares slide as payments giant's transaction volume growth slows

### TEXT: 
Adyen shares sank Thursday after the company reported a slowdown in the growth of its transaction volumes in the third quarter.

Shares of Adyen fell nearly 6% Thursday after the company's third-quarter report, paring losses of as much as 11% during earlier in the trading session. The stock initially failed to trade when markets opened in Amsterdam and later in the day, shares closed down 3%.

Adyen's sales growth came off the back of a rise in total processed volume (TPV), which climbed 32% year-over-year to 321 billion euros. In the first half, Adyen posted a 45% jump in TPV, after previously reporting 46% year-over-year growth in the first quarter.

Analysts at Citi said in a research note that "weaker" transaction volume was likely to attract most of the focus from investors Thursday, amid concerns over end-market weakness.

"Either way, the take rate on the processed volume is comfortably higher than expected and, if sustainable, should support sales growth acceleration in 2025/26, while the lower run-rate of hiring should support continued margin uplift," they wrote.

### DATE: 
2024-11-07

### Summary: 
Adyen shares sank Thursday after the company reported a slowdown in the growth of its transaction volumes in the third quarter.
Adyen's sales growth came off the back of a rise in total processed volume (TPV), which climbed 32% year-over-year to 321 billion euros.
In the first half, Adyen posted a 45% jump in TPV, after previously reporting 46% year-over-year growth in the first quarter.
Analysts at Citi said in a research note that "weaker" transaction volume was likely to attract most of the focus from investors Thursday, amid concerns over end-market weakness.
"Either way, the take rate on the processed volume is comfortably higher than expected and, if sustainable, should support sales growth acceleration in 2025/26, while the lower run-rate of hiring should support continued margin uplift," they wrote.

### Keywords: 
transaction
slows
sales
giants
growth
payments
yearoveryear
slide
volume
processed
adyen
support
tpv
shares

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 241


### TITLE: 
Trump win and threat of more tariffs raises expectations for more China stimulus

### TEXT: 
Chinese and U.S. flags flutter near The Bund, before U.S. trade delegation meet their Chinese counterparts for talks in Shanghai, China July 30, 2019. Aly Song | Reuters

BEIJING — Donald Trump's 2024 presidential win has raised the bar for China's fiscal stimulus plans, expected Friday. On the campaign trial, Trump threatened to impose additional tariffs of 60% or more on Chinese goods sold to the U.S. Increased duties of at least 10% under Trump's first term as president did not dent America's position as China's largest trading partner. But new tariffs — potentially on a larger scale — would come at a pivotal time for China. The country is relying more on exports for growth as it battles with a real estate slump and tepid consumer spending. If Trump raises tariffs to 60%, that could reduce China's exports by $200 billion, causing a 1 percentage point drag on GDP, Zhu Baoliang, a former chief economist at China's economic planning agency, said at a Citigroup conference.

watch now

Since late September, Chinese authorities have ramped up efforts to support slowing economic growth. The standing committee of the National People's Congress — the country's parliament — is expected to approve additional fiscal stimulus at its meeting this week, which wraps up Friday. "In response to potential 'Trump shocks,' the Chinese government is likely to introduce greater stimulus measures," said Yue Su, principal economist at the Economist Intelligence Unit. "The overlap of the NPC meeting with the U.S. election outcome suggests the government is prepared to take swift action." She expects a stimulus package of more than 10 trillion yuan ($1.39 billion), with about 6 trillion yuan going towards local government debt swaps and bank recapitalization. More than 4 trillion yuan will likely go towards local government special bonds for supporting real estate, Su said. She did not specify over what time period.

Stock market divergence

Mainland China and Hong Kong stocks fell Wednesday as it became clear that Trump would win the election. U.S. stocks then soared with the three major indexes hitting record highs. In Thursday morning trading, Chinese stocks tried to hold mild gains. That divergence in stock performance indicates China's stimulus "will be slightly bigger than the baseline scenario," said Liqian Ren, who leads WisdomTree's quantitative investment capabilities. She estimates Beijing will add about 2 trillion yuan to 3 trillion yuan a year in support. Ren doesn't expect significantly larger support due to uncertainties around how Trump might act. She pointed out that tariffs hurt both countries, but restrictions on tech and investment have a greater impact on China. Trump, during his first term as president, put Chinese telecommunications giant Huawei on a blacklist that restricted it from using U.S. suppliers. The Biden administration expanded on those moves by limiting U.S. sales of advanced semiconductors to China, and pressuring allies to do the same. Both Democrats and Republicans supported the passage of those newer export controls and efforts to boost semiconductor manufacturing investment in the U.S., Chris Miller, author of "Chip War," pointed out earlier this year. He expected the U.S. to increase such restrictions regardless of who won the election. China has doubled down on bolstering its own tech by encouraging bank loans to high-end manufacturing. But the country had long benefited from U.S. capital as well as the ability to use U.S. software and high-end parts. Republicans gained a majority in the Senate for the next two years, according to NBC News projections, though control of the House of Representatives remains unclear. "If the Republican Party gains control of Congress, protectionist measures could be accelerated, amplifying impacts on the global economy and presenting significant downside risks," Su said. She expects Trump will likely impose such tariffs in the first half of next year, and could speed up the process by invoking the International Emergency Economic Powers Act or Section 122 of the Trade Act of 1974, which allows the president to impose tariffs of up to 15% in response to a serious balance-of-payments deficit.

watch now

U.S. data shows that the trade deficit with China narrowed to $279.11 billion in 2023, from $346.83 billion in 2016. Su estimated that a 10% tariff increase on Chinese exports to the U.S. could reduce Beijing's real GDP growth by an average of 0.3 to 0.4 percentage points in the next two years, assuming other factors remain constant. China's exports to the U.S. fell by 14% last year to $500.29 billion, according to customs data on Wind Information. That's still up from $385.08 billion in 2016, before Trump was sworn in for his first term. Meanwhile, China's annual imports from the U.S. climbed to $164.16 billion in 2023, up from $134.4 billion in 2016, the Chinese data showed. Other analysts believe that Beijing will remain conservative, and trickle out stimulus over the coming months rather than release a large package on Friday. China's top leaders typically meet in mid-December to discuss economic plans for the year ahead. Then, officials would announce the growth target for the year at an annual parliamentary meeting in March. "China will likely face much higher tariff from the U.S. next year. I expect policy response from China to also take place next year when higher tariff is imposed," Zhiwei Zhang, chief economist at Pinpoint Asset Management, said in a note Wednesday afternoon. "I also don't think the government will change the policies they already proposed to the NPC because of US election," he said.

China's growing global trade influence

### DATE: 
2024-11-07

### Summary: 
Aly Song | ReutersBEIJING — Donald Trump's 2024 presidential win has raised the bar for China's fiscal stimulus plans, expected Friday.
She expects a stimulus package of more than 10 trillion yuan ($1.39 billion), with about 6 trillion yuan going towards local government debt swaps and bank recapitalization.
More than 4 trillion yuan will likely go towards local government special bonds for supporting real estate, Su said.
That divergence in stock performance indicates China's stimulus "will be slightly bigger than the baseline scenario," said Liqian Ren, who leads WisdomTree's quantitative investment capabilities.
She estimates Beijing will add about 2 trillion yuan to 3 trillion yuan a year in support.

### Keywords: 
trade
expectations
win
chinese
trump
trillion
billion
threat
yuan
raises
tariffs
stimulus
china
chinas

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 242


### TITLE: 
Stocks making the biggest moves after hours: Qualcomm, HubSpot, Lyft, Bumble and more

### TEXT: 
Check out the companies making headlines in extended trading: Qualcomm — The chipmaker popped 4% after posting results for the fiscal fourth quarter that topped Wall Street's expectations. The company also offered a strong outlook for the current quarter. Qualcomm reported adjusted earnings of $2.69 per share on $10.24 billion in revenue. Arm Holdings — The semiconductor company slipped 4% despite reporting earnings for the fiscal second quarter that beat expectations. Arm posted adjusted earnings of 30 cents per share on $844 million in revenue, while analysts polled by LSEG had expected 26 cents in earnings per share and $808 million in revenue. Wolfspeed — The semiconductor manufacturer tumbled 17% after missing revenue expectations and offering weak guidance for the current quarter. Wolfspeed generated revenue of $195 million in the first fiscal quarter, missing the consensus estimate of analysts polled by LSEG by $5 million. The company said to expect between $160 million and $200 million in revenue during the current quarter, under the $215 million figure expected. Take-Two Interactive Software — The video game maker popped 3.8% after posting fiscal second-quarter revenue of $1.47 billion, above the expectation of $1.43 billion from analysts surveyed by LSEG. HubSpot — The customer platform jumped 7% after third-quarter earnings came in stronger than expected. HubSpot saw $2.18 in adjusted earnings per share on $669.7 million in revenue, while analysts polled by FactSet forecast $1.91 in earnings per share and $647 million in revenue. The company also issued better-than-anticipated revenue guidance for the full year. Lyft — The ride-hailing company surged nearly 20%. Third-quarter revenue came in at $1.52 billion, topping consensus estimates for $1.44 billion, per LSEG. Guidance for the fourth quarter topped the Street's expectations, with Lyft forecasting bookings of $4.28 billion to $4.35 billion, while FactSet consensus estimates called for $4.23 billion. MercadoLibre — The online marketplace operator tumbled nearly 9%. Third-quarter earnings of $7.83 per share missed analysts' forecast for $10 per share, according to FactSet. Red Robin Gourmet Burgers — The burger chain slid 5% after third-quarter adjusted losses came in wider than anticipated at $1.13 per share, while the consensus estimates from StreetAccount called for a loss of 96 cents per share. SolarEdge Technologies — The maker of residential solar power inverters tanked 18%. Third-quarter revenue missed the Street's expectations, coming in at $261 million, versus LSEG consensus estimates for $269 million. Investors punished SolarEdge in regular trading, where the stock cratered 22% on fears that President-elect Donald Trump will repeal the Inflation Reduction Act. Dutch Bros — Shares soared more than 15% after the restaurant chain's third-quarter results surpassed Wall Street's expectations. Dutch Bros posted adjusted earnings of 16 cents per share on revenue of $338 million for the period, above the 12 cents per share and $325 million in revenue that analysts were looking for, according to LSEG. Bumble — The online dating platform slid nearly 3%, even as revenue for the third quarter came in $2 million above the LSEG consensus estimate of $274 million. Match Group — The Tinder and Hinge parent tumbled 12.6% after posting weaker-than-expected revenue and guidance. Match Group reported $895 million in third-quarter revenue, under the $901 million expected by analysts, per LSEG. The company also gave a range for expected revenue in the current quarter that was below what Wall Street penciled in. E.l.f Beauty — The cosmetics retail stock jumped 11% after a stronger-than-expected quarterly report and a guidance hike. E.l.f. reported 77 cents in adjusted earnings per share for its fiscal second quarter, topping the 43 cents expected by analysts, according to LSEG. Revenue climbed 40% to $301 million, beating expectations of $286 million. The beauty company also raised its full-year revenue outlook. Zillow Group — The housing market platform rallied 11% after surpassing Wall Street expectations on both lines in the third quarter. Zillow reported adjusted earnings of 35 cents per share on revenue of $581 million. Analysts surveyed by LSEG expected 29 cents per share and $555 million in revenue. — CNBC's Darla Mercado, Jesse Pound, Samantha Subin and Sean Conlon contributed reporting.

### DATE: 
2024-11-06

### Summary: 
Qualcomm reported adjusted earnings of $2.69 per share on $10.24 billion in revenue.
Wolfspeed — The semiconductor manufacturer tumbled 17% after missing revenue expectations and offering weak guidance for the current quarter.
Wolfspeed generated revenue of $195 million in the first fiscal quarter, missing the consensus estimate of analysts polled by LSEG by $5 million.
The company said to expect between $160 million and $200 million in revenue during the current quarter, under the $215 million figure expected.
HubSpot saw $2.18 in adjusted earnings per share on $669.7 million in revenue, while analysts polled by FactSet forecast $1.91 in earnings per share and $647 million in revenue.

### Keywords: 
share
expectations
moves
lseg
lyft
hours
earnings
stocks
million
biggest
billion
cents
quarter
analysts
bumble
qualcomm
revenue
making
hubspot

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 243


### TITLE: 
Stocks making the biggest moves midday: Super Micro Computer, Tesla, Coinbase, Planet Fitness and more

### TEXT: 
Check out the companies making headlines in midday trading: Donald Trump trades — Individual stocks viewed as trades tied to Donald Trump's election odds surged as the Republican clinched a return to the White House. Trump Media & Technology , majority owned by Trump himself, popped nearly 6%. Tesla , whose CEO publicly backed the president-elect, surged close to 15% . Phunware , the company behind the campaign's app, climbed almost 17%. Crypto stocks — Cryptocurrency-related names soared after investors bet that a Trump presidency would lead to a more supportive regulatory environment. Shares of Coinbase surged 31% and MicroStrategy rose 13% as bitcoin rallied to a new record high . Bank stocks — Big banks rallied broadly on the back of Trump's victory in the presidential election. Investors forecast that his presidency will lead to looser regulation and allow more mergers and acquisitions across the sector. Citigroup and Bank of America climbed more than 8% each. Goldman Sachs and Wells Fargo both jumped 13%. CVS Health — The pharmacy retailer soared 11% after CVS posted third-quarter revenue of $95.43 billion , which surpassed consensus estimates of $92.75 billion, per LSEG. On the other hand, CVS' adjusted earnings of $1.09 per share fell short of the $1.51 per share analysts anticipated. Clean energy — Clean energy stocks sank as investors bet a Trump presidency could lead to an overhaul of recent industry reforms and progress, including a repeal of President Joe Biden's Inflation Reduction Act. Plug Power shed 22% and Sunrun lost nearly 30%. SolarEdge Technologies lost 22%. Enphase Energy was down 17%. Novo Nordisk — U.S.-listed shares of the Danish pharmaceuticals firm slipped 4%. Novo Nordisk reported that its third-quarter net profit came in above analysts' estimates . Sales of its weight-loss drug Wegovy were also 79% higher in the third-quarter of 2024 than the same period a year earlier. Private prison stocks — Geo Group and CoreCivic popped 42% and 29%, respectively, after Trump, who has promised a mass deportation of illegal immigrants, won the White House. Cannabis stocks — Shares of cannabis companies dropped after voters rejected a Florida ballot measure to legalize the sale and use of marijuana in the state. Tilray sank 13%, while U.S.-listed shares of Canada-based companies Aurora Cannabis and Canopy Growth lost 16% and 21%, respectively. Super Micro Computer — Shares plunged 18% after the embattled computer server maker guided for revenue in its December quarter between $5.5 billion and $6.1 billion , missing analysts' expectations. Super Micro's adjusted earnings per share outlook also fell short of the Street's forecast. The company is unsure when it will file annual results for the latest fiscal year but said it was "working with urgency to become current again" with its financial reporting. Retail stocks — Retail stores with China sourcing exposure slipped on Wednesday following Trump's reelection. Trump's proposed universal tariffs could lead to soaring import prices. On the back of these tariff fears, Bank of America downgraded Five Below to underperform from neutral and Yeti to a neutral rating from buy. Shares of Five Below and Yeti tumbled 10% and 3%, respectively. Dollar Tree and Dollar General also respectively lost more than 6% and 5%. Planet Fitness — Shares popped 6% after CNBC, citing court filings, reported the fitness chain wants to acquire bankrupt budget-fitness chain Blink Holdings. Steel stocks — U.S.-based steel stocks rallied on the back of Trump's victory. He has floated tariffs that would ultimately benefit U.S. steel pricing. Shares of Nucor and Cleveland-Cliffs respectively rallied 16% and 20%, while United States Steel climbed 8%. — CNBC's Michelle Fox, Alex Harring, Hakyung Kim, Sarah Min and Samantha Subin contributed reporting.

### DATE: 
2024-11-06

### Summary: 
Crypto stocks — Cryptocurrency-related names soared after investors bet that a Trump presidency would lead to a more supportive regulatory environment.
Cannabis stocks — Shares of cannabis companies dropped after voters rejected a Florida ballot measure to legalize the sale and use of marijuana in the state.
Dollar Tree and Dollar General also respectively lost more than 6% and 5%.
Steel stocks — U.S.-based steel stocks rallied on the back of Trump's victory.
Shares of Nucor and Cleveland-Cliffs respectively rallied 16% and 20%, while United States Steel climbed 8%.

### Keywords: 
moves
fitness
planet
stocks
trump
billion
steel
tesla
shares
lead
rallied
computer
midday
respectively
lost
micro
trumps
super
making

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 244

Error parsing article 244: Article `download()` failed with HTTPSConnectionPool(host='www.cnbc.com', port=443): Read timed out. (read timeout=7) on URL https://www.cnbc.com/2024/11/06/stocks-making-the-biggest-moves-premarket-tsla-djt-cvs-dltr.html


Parsing Article 244


### TITLE: 
UniCredit and Commerzbank square off with target hikes amid takeover battle

### TEXT: 
The logo of German bank Commerzbank seen on a branch office near the Commerzbank Tower in Frankfurt. Daniel Roland | Afp | Getty Images

Two months since UniCredit played its opening move to woo German lender Commerzbank , the lenders flaunted their financial strength as one of Europe's largest banking mergers still hangs in balance. Both banks reported third-quarter results on Wednesday, with UniCredit posting an 8% year-on-year hike in net profit to 2.5 billion euros ($2.25 billion), compared with a Reuters-reported 2.27-billion euro forecast. It raised its full-year net profit guidance to above 9 billion euros, from a previous outlook of 8.5 billion euros. For its part, Commerzbank revealed a 6.2% drop in net profit to 642 million euros in the third quarter amid a broader drop in net interest income and higher risk provisions. The lender nevertheless said it has lifted its 2024 expectations for net interest and net commissions income, and confirmed its full-year forecast of achieving a net result of 2.4 billion euro, compared with 2.2 billion euros in 2023. Speaking to CNBC's Annette Weisbach, Commerzbank CEO Bettina Orlopp said the bank experienced a "very good quarter," while acknowledging a clear impact on business from lower interest rates in Europe. She stressed that Commerzbank was on a path of raising its share value through a blend of capital return and higher profitability and the expediency with which the lender hits its targets. "We have a very good strategy in place, which is also delivering," she said — as markets watch for whether the bank will assume a defense strategy to fend off takeover interest.

watch now

Commerzbank has so far shied from UniCredit's courtship. When the Italian lender showed its hand by using derivatives to build a potential 21% stake in Commerzbank, the German lender appointed a new CEO and sharpened its financial targets. On Monday, the German bank said it had received regulatory approval to buy back 600 million euros ($653 million) in shares, due to kick off after the Wednesday earnings report and complete by the middle of February. Yet Orlopp told CNBC that Commerzbank was not intrinsically opposed to a merger: "We have nothing to be against, because there is nothing on the table. That's very important to note. And we also always said we would be very open to discuss, if they had something coming on the table, we will carefully review that with our own standalone strategy and see where we can create more values in the interest of our stakeholders," she said. The German government has yet to bless the potential union, with Chancellor Olaf Scholz slamming that "unfriendly attacks, hostile takeovers are not a good thing for banks," in late-September comments carried by Reuters. The largest shareholder of Commerzbank, the Berlin administration retains a 12% stake after rescuing the lender during the 2008 financial crisis and divesting 4.5% of its initial position in early September. But a potential schism at home could waylay Scholz's ruling alliance from closely supervising the transaction, with coalition members due to hold scheduled talks later on Wednesday. "Let's put it this way: we wouldn't be here if we hadn't been invited to buy that stake. And it all started in a way that we thought was constructive," UniCredit CEO Andrea Orcel told CNBC's Charlotte Reed on Wednesday. "As part of the wall-crossing process, the investment bank commissioned by the finance agency contacted various investors, including UniCredit Group, on the morning of September 10. The purpose of this process is to assess the market environment on the day of the transaction," a spokesperson for the Ministry of Finance said in response to a CNBC request for comment. "The invitation to this process cannot be understood by a professional investor as an invitation by the German government to acquire shares in Commerzbank," the spokesperson added.

watch now

### DATE: 
2024-11-06

### Summary: 
The logo of German bank Commerzbank seen on a branch office near the Commerzbank Tower in Frankfurt.
Daniel Roland | Afp | Getty ImagesTwo months since UniCredit played its opening move to woo German lender Commerzbank , the lenders flaunted their financial strength as one of Europe's largest banking mergers still hangs in balance.
Both banks reported third-quarter results on Wednesday, with UniCredit posting an 8% year-on-year hike in net profit to 2.5 billion euros ($2.25 billion), compared with a Reuters-reported 2.27-billion euro forecast.
It raised its full-year net profit guidance to above 9 billion euros, from a previous outlook of 8.5 billion euros.
When the Italian lender showed its hand by using derivatives to build a potential 21% stake in Commerzbank, the German lender appointed a new CEO and sharpened its financial targets.

### Keywords: 
lender
bank
commerzbank
amid
net
target
interest
battle
billion
square
german
strategy
euros
takeover
unicredit
hikes

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 245


### TITLE: 
British fintech firm Wise posts 55% jump in profit on expanding market share

### TEXT: 
Wise posted a 55% jump in profit in the first half of its 2025 fiscal year Wednesday, citing customer growth and expanding market share.

The British digital payments firm said that its first-half profit totalled £217.3 million, up from £140.6 million in the same period a year ago.

That came on the back of a 25% increase in active customers, with Wise reporting a total of 11.4 million consumer and business clients.

Revenues at the money transfer platform climbed 19% year-on-year for the period to £591.9 million, Wise reported Wednesday.

Shares of Wise surged as much as 8% shortly after the London market opened Wednesday, adding to gains from Tuesday on a partnership with Standard Chartered to power the bank's cross-border payments offering for retail customers.

The stock was last up almost 5.5% as of 10 a.m. London time.

### DATE: 
2024-11-06

### Summary: 
Wise posted a 55% jump in profit in the first half of its 2025 fiscal year Wednesday, citing customer growth and expanding market share.
The British digital payments firm said that its first-half profit totalled £217.3 million, up from £140.6 million in the same period a year ago.
That came on the back of a 25% increase in active customers, with Wise reporting a total of 11.4 million consumer and business clients.
Revenues at the money transfer platform climbed 19% year-on-year for the period to £591.9 million, Wise reported Wednesday.
The stock was last up almost 5.5% as of 10 a.m. London time.

### Keywords: 
share
expanding
market
wednesdayshares
million
profit
british
payments
london
wise
firm
yearonyear
period
posts
jump
fintech
55

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 246


### TITLE: 
Cathie Wood positions for new tech boom - and it doesn't matter who wins the White House

### TEXT: 
ARK Invest's Cathie Wood is positioning for a White House administration that embraces transformative technology. The firm's CEO and chief investment officer sees a boom sparked by fewer regulations — no matter who wins the presidential election. "Both candidates have sounded more and more alike," Wood said Tuesday on CNBC's " Fast Money ." "It seems to be a bipartisan issue." Wood runs the firm's flagship ARK Innovation ETF (ARKK) — which is up almost 22% over the past three months. But it's been a disappointing year so far for the fund. After soaring nearly 68% last year, the ARK Innovation ETF is down about 8% in 2024. It has also fallen significantly since President Joe Biden took office. ARKK suffered a roughly 67% decline in 2022, the same year that the Federal Reserve embarked on its rate-hiking campaign. Tech companies, like those held in ARKK, are especially sensitive to rising rates. "Many people have associated our portfolio with low interest rates. Certainly, algorithmic trading seemed to do that," said Wood. "I think that's going to change." The ETF's top holding right now is Tesla . The stock is virtually flat this year after surging about 102% in 2023. Wood bets that the underperformance is temporary . "This is not an auto stock. Certainly, not a traditional one. It's a robotic stock. So, autonomous vehicles are robots. They'll be electric, and they're powered by AI," she said. "This is story has just begun." Wood is also behind the ARK Genomic Revolution ETF (ARKG) , which is down about 25% so far this year. But she's sticking with the main strategy that AI in health care will usher in a new age. " CRISPR Therapeutics [and] Beam Therapeutics and other companies have developed cures for disease," Wood said. 'We are going to see real results as we move people out of hospitals and into cures." CRISPR is up 11% over the past month, while Beam is up 2% in the period. The ARK Genomic Revolution ETF owns both stocks. Disclaimer

### DATE: 
2024-11-05

### Summary: 
ARK Invest's Cathie Wood is positioning for a White House administration that embraces transformative technology.
Wood runs the firm's flagship ARK Innovation ETF (ARKK) — which is up almost 22% over the past three months.
After soaring nearly 68% last year, the ARK Innovation ETF is down about 8% in 2024.
Wood is also behind the ARK Genomic Revolution ETF (ARKG) , which is down about 25% so far this year.
The ARK Genomic Revolution ETF owns both stocks.

### Keywords: 
doesnt
cathie
arkk
tech
boom
etf
house
matter
white
ark
positions
wood
innovation
past
wins
therapeutics
rates
stock
revolution

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 247


### TITLE: 
China's central bank affirms supportive monetary policy stance at closely watched meeting

### TEXT: 
Pan Gongsheng, governor of the People's Bank of China, delivers a speech during the 2024 Lujiazui Forum on June 19, 2024 in Shanghai, China.

BEIJING — The head of the People's Bank of China said in a closely watched meeting Tuesday that the central bank planned to maintain supportive monetary policy, according to state media.

PBOC Governor Pan Gongsheng added that the central bank intended to “increase the intensity of counter-cyclical monetary policy," state media said in Chinese, translated by CNBC. Counter-cyclical policies refer to measures intended to address short-term economic developments. Pan has used similar language in recent months.

He was presenting a report on financial work at this week's meeting of the National People's Congress Standing Committee. The gathering, which wraps up Friday, is widely expected to approve further fiscal stimulus.

Finance Minister Lan Fo'an addressed the committee Monday about a plan to increase the local government debt limit in order to replace hidden debt, state media said. Lan on Tuesday also presented a report on managing state-owned assets, according to state media.

The PBOC in late September started cutting several of its interest rates in a bid to shore up slowing growth. The moves followed the U.S. Federal Reserve's shift into an easing cycle with a large 50 basis-point cut in mid-September. The Fed is expected to lower rates again when its two-day meeting ends Thursday local time.

### DATE: 
2024-11-06

### Summary: 
Pan Gongsheng, governor of the People's Bank of China, delivers a speech during the 2024 Lujiazui Forum on June 19, 2024 in Shanghai, China.
BEIJING — The head of the People's Bank of China said in a closely watched meeting Tuesday that the central bank planned to maintain supportive monetary policy, according to state media.
PBOC Governor Pan Gongsheng added that the central bank intended to “increase the intensity of counter-cyclical monetary policy," state media said in Chinese, translated by CNBC.
Finance Minister Lan Fo'an addressed the committee Monday about a plan to increase the local government debt limit in order to replace hidden debt, state media said.
Lan on Tuesday also presented a report on managing state-owned assets, according to state media.

### Keywords: 
meeting
watched
bank
supportive
closely
monetary
peoples
rates
media
stance
central
policy
state
report
pan
chinas

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 248


### TITLE: 
10-year Treasury yield posts huge leap to 4.43% on Trump win, possible GOP Congress sweep

### TEXT: 
NBC News projected that Trump won the presidential election, driven by victories in North Carolina, Wisconsin, Pennsylvania and Georgia. NBC News also projected Republicans are expected to regain majority control of the U.S. Senate in 2025. The House was still up for grabs, leaving open the possibility of a Republican sweep.

The yield on the 2-year Treasury was up by about 7 basis points to 4.274%, reaching its highest level since July 31. One basis point is equivalent to 0.01%. Yields and prices have an inverted relationship.

The 10-year Treasury yield jumped more than 14 basis points to trade at 4.433%, hitting its highest level since July during the session, as investors bet a Trump presidency would increase economic growth and potentially fiscal spending.

Treasury yields surged Wednesday as Donald Trump won the U.S. presidential election over Vice President Kamala Harris , along with a strong showing for Congressional Republicans across the country.

The general thinking on Wall Street ahead of the election was that bond yields could see a big pop in the event of a Trump win, and they could surge in a Republican sweep, where the party captures control of Congress and the White House. That is because Republicans may introduce tax cuts and steep tariffs, which could spark economic growth but also widen the fiscal deficit and reignite inflation.

"If there's a Republican sweep of House, Senate and the presidency, I expect the bond market to be wobbly," Jeremy Siegel, finance professor at the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania, said on CNBC's "Squawk Box" on Tuesday. "I expect them to be worried that Trump would enact all those tax cuts, and I think bond yields would rise."

Neither Trump nor Harris really promised fiscal discipline on the campaign trail, raising worries that investors will demand higher yields in exchange for holding Treasurys as the government is forced to issue more and more debt to fund its ballooning spending.

Yields were moving higher even before the election. The benchmark 10-year Treasury yield surged 50 basis points in October, marking the biggest monthly increase since September 2022.

The big jump in rates comes even though the Federal Reserve cut its benchmark rate in September and indicated further cuts ahead. On Thursday, the central will make its next decision on interest rates.

Kathy Jones, chief fixed income strategist at Charles Schwab, said the bond market is now in a "new regime" as the impact of the election comes into focus.

"I'd say that the path of least resistance now for yields is higher, simply because the market really wasn't prepared for this outcome, and now it will take time to figure out what the actual legislation might be, and then what the Fed's reaction function will be," Jones said.

"That's going to keep a floor probably under yields, and it could open up the door to the 10-year going back to 5%," she added.

— CNBC's Alex Harring and Sarah Min contributed reporting.

### DATE: 
2024-11-05

### Summary: 
NBC News projected that Trump won the presidential election, driven by victories in North Carolina, Wisconsin, Pennsylvania and Georgia.
The yield on the 2-year Treasury was up by about 7 basis points to 4.274%, reaching its highest level since July 31.
Treasury yields surged Wednesday as Donald Trump won the U.S. presidential election over Vice President Kamala Harris , along with a strong showing for Congressional Republicans across the country.
"I expect them to be worried that Trump would enact all those tax cuts, and I think bond yields would rise."
The benchmark 10-year Treasury yield surged 50 basis points in October, marking the biggest monthly increase since September 2022.

### Keywords: 
leap
points
win
basis
republicans
huge
sweep
trump
republican
yield
gop
possible
bond
posts
yields
election
treasury

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 249


### TITLE: 
Trump Media loses $19.2 million in third quarter, surprise Election Day filing reveals

### TEXT: 
Trump Media , which experienced a flurry of trading activity Tuesday as a possible proxy for Donald Trump's presidency chances, revealed after the closing bell Tuesday a loss for the third quarter along with a slight drop in already-meager revenue.

The Truth Social parent lost $19.2 million during the period. Revenue fell 5.6% to just $1.01 million from the year-earlier period. The filing was not telegraphed to investors beforehand and came as a surprise to traders not expecting it on Election Day, the very day the former president and Trump Media majority owner squares off against Vice President Kamala Harris.

Shares rose more than 6% in after-hours trading following the filing. Earlier in the day, the stock gave up an 18.6% surge to close 1.2% lower. The shares could move in the after hours or on Wednesday depending on the election results.

Trump Media, which trades under the ticker DJT, has seen volatile trading lately. Over the past week, it is down more than 34%. However, it is still up 93% year to date.

Volume for the stock more than doubled its average 30-day volume.

Trump Media also reported about $2.6 million in revenue and a net loss of $363 million for the first nine months of 2024. On top of that, the company boasted that it ended the third quarter with $673 million in cash and investments, along with no debt.

"This has been an extraordinary quarter for the Company," CEO Devin Nunes said in a statement. Trump Media is continuing to "explore additional possibilities for growth."

— Additional reporting by CNBC's Kevin Breuninger

### DATE: 
2024-11-05

### Summary: 
The filing was not telegraphed to investors beforehand and came as a surprise to traders not expecting it on Election Day, the very day the former president and Trump Media majority owner squares off against Vice President Kamala Harris.
Earlier in the day, the stock gave up an 18.6% surge to close 1.2% lower.
Trump Media, which trades under the ticker DJT, has seen volatile trading lately.
Trump Media also reported about $2.6 million in revenue and a net loss of $363 million for the first nine months of 2024.
Trump Media is continuing to "explore additional possibilities for growth."

### Keywords: 
loses
quarter
surprise
trading
million
revenue
trump
reveals
media
day
stock
period
filing
election
president

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 250


### TITLE: 
Stocks making the biggest moves midday: Tesla, Coinbase, Wynn Resorts, Palantir and more

### TEXT: 
Check out the companies making headlines in midday trading: Trump Media & Technology — Shares of the Truth Social parent, which is majority owned by former President Donald Trump, climbed 12% on Election Day . The stock is viewed as a proxy for betting on the former Republican nominee's likelihood of winning the race for the White House. Nvidia — Shares of the de facto market leader and artificial intelligence darling advanced nearly 3%. Nvidia is being added to the Dow Jones Industrial Average on Friday. Archer-Daniels-Midland — The food processor slumped 8% after its fiscal third-quarter and full-year earnings outlook missed analysts' estimates. ADM expects third-quarter earnings of $1.09, lower than the weakest analyst estimate, and full-year adjusted earnings per share of $4.50 to $5, while analysts polled by FactSet forecast $5.21. ADM amended its 2023 10-K and postponed Wednesday's scheduled webcast, according to FactSet. Hims & Hers — Shares of the telehealth company gained 7% after better-than-expected third-quarter results surpassed analysts' estimates for profits and revenue. Hims & Hers also forecast rosy full-year and current-quarter revenue guidance. Restaurant Brands International — The Burger King parent dipped more than 2% after reporting adjusted earnings per share of 93 cents , lower than the 95 cents per share expected by analysts polled by LSEG. The company posted $2.29 billion in revenue, also missing estimates of $2.31 billion. Cleveland-Cliffs — The steel stock tumbled more than 8% after third-quarter revenue of $4.57 billion missed estimates. Analysts surveyed by LSEG were expecting $4.77 billion in revenue. Wynn Resorts — Shares of the resort and casino company fell 8.2% after announcing lower-than-expected quarterly results. Wynn's adjusted earnings came in at 90 cents per share on $1.69 billion in revenue, short of Wall Street's estimates on the top and bottom lines, according to analysts surveyed by LSEG. Lattice Semiconductor — The chip stock dipped more than 3% after Lattice's fourth-quarter outlook missed analysts' estimates. The company's third-quarter results matched analysts' estimates on the top and bottom lines. Palantir — The data analytics software maker surged more than 22% after posting strong third-quarter earnings and issuing upbeat revenue guidance . Palantir's revenue grew 30% on a year-over-year basis and the company lifted its forecast for the full year. Cirrus Logic — Shares of the semiconductor supplier pulled back 5% after its forecast for revenue in the current quarter missed analysts' expectations. Cirrus expects revenue of $480 million to $540 million, while analysts polled by LSEG were looking for $590 million. DuPont de Nemours — Stock in the chemicals company gained more than 6% after third-quarter earnings beat Wall Street estimates. DuPont reported adjusted earnings per share of $1.18 per share, while analysts surveyed by LSEG forecast $1.03. Crypto stocks — Names tied to the price of bitcoin rose as the cryptocurrency briefly reclaimed $70,000 . Coinbase advanced more than 4%, while MicroStrategy gained 5%. Riot Platforms jumped nearly 7%. Astera Labs — Shares spiked more than 29% on the heels of the semiconductor solutions designer's quarterly results that beat Wall Street's expectations. Astera Labs posted earnings of 23 cents per share, excluding one-time items, on revenue of $113.1 million. That is above the 17 cents per share and $97.5 million in revenue that analysts were estimating, according to FactSet. Astera also guided for fourth-quarter earnings and revenue that topped expectations. Diamondback Energy — Shares ticked down 2% after the energy company's third-quarter adjusted earnings per share of $3.38 missed the forecast $3.98 from analysts surveyed by LSEG. Tesla — The electric vehicle stock climbed more than 4% on Tuesday. Tesla could be viewed as a beneficiary of either outcome of Tuesday's presidential election. — CNBC's Tanaya Macheel, Samantha Subin, Alex Harring, Hakyung Kim and Sean Conlon contributed reporting.

### DATE: 
2024-11-05

### Summary: 
Archer-Daniels-Midland — The food processor slumped 8% after its fiscal third-quarter and full-year earnings outlook missed analysts' estimates.
Hims & Hers — Shares of the telehealth company gained 7% after better-than-expected third-quarter results surpassed analysts' estimates for profits and revenue.
Palantir — The data analytics software maker surged more than 22% after posting strong third-quarter earnings and issuing upbeat revenue guidance .
DuPont de Nemours — Stock in the chemicals company gained more than 6% after third-quarter earnings beat Wall Street estimates.
DuPont reported adjusted earnings per share of $1.18 per share, while analysts surveyed by LSEG forecast $1.03.

### Keywords: 
share
forecast
moves
lseg
wynn
earnings
stocks
estimates
biggest
thirdquarter
tesla
shares
coinbase
analysts
midday
resorts
palantir
revenue
making
stock

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 251


### TITLE: 
Stocks making the biggest moves premarket: Trump Media, Hims & Hers, Palantir and more

### TEXT: 
Check out the companies making headlines before the bell: Trump Media & Technology — Shares of the Truth Social parent, which has a majority ownership by Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump, climbed about 9% during premarket trading on Election Day . The stock has been seen as a proxy for betting on the former president's likelihood of winning the race for the White House. Palantir — The cybersecurity stock surged 14% on strong third-quarter results . Palantir reported 10 cents in earnings per share on $726 million in revenue. Analysts surveyed by LSEG had forecast earnings of 9 cents per share and $701 million in revenue. The company cited "unrelenting AI demand" and a 30% jump in revenue from the prior year. NXP Semiconductors — Shares slipped 7% after the Netherlands-based semiconductor conductor provided disappointing fourth-quarter guidance, pointing to macro weakness in the Americas and Europe. On the other hand, NXP's third-quarter earnings beat analysts' expectations by 2 cents per share, while its $3.25 billion revenue was in line with estimates. Wynn Resorts — The resort and casino operator's stock fell more than 2% in premarket trading following weaker-than-expected quarterly results. Wynn's adjusted earnings came in at 90 cents a share on $1.69 billion in revenue, which fell short of Wall Street's estimates on the top and bottom lines, according to LSEG. Dollar Tree — The discount retailer advanced 4% after announcing that CEO Rick Dreiling had stepped down . Chief Operating Officer Michael Creedon will serve as interim CEO. Dollar Tree also reiterated its third-quarter guidance. Hims & Hers Health — The telehealth stock popped 7.2% after third-quarter earnings exceeded expectations of analysts polled by FactSet on both lines. The San Francisco-based company also issued stronger-than-anticipated guidance for revenue in both the current quarter and full year. Cleveland-Cliffs — Shares slipped 6% after the steel producer posted revenue in its latest quarter of $4.57 billion, disappointing analysts polled by LSEG who were looking for $4.77 billion. Lattice Semiconductor — Shares tumbled more than 11% after the semiconductor design company posted disappointing earnings and revenue guidance for the current quarter. However, Lattice reported results that were in line with analysts' expectations for its third quarter. Cirrus Logic — The semiconductor supplier sank nearly 11% after it forecast that revenue for its current quarter would range between $480 million to $540 million. However, analysts surveyed by LSEG had been looking for $590 million. DuPont de Nemours — The chemicals stock climbed more than 2% after posting third-quarter adjusted earnings of $1.18 per share, higher than the $1.03 analysts polled by LSEG had expected. On the other hand, the company's $3.19 billion in revenue missed estimates of $3.20 billion. Restaurant Brands International — Shares slipped 2% after the Burger King parent reported adjusted earnings of 93 cents per share , lower than the 95 cents a share expected from analysts polled by LSEG. Revenue also missed, coming in at $2.29 billion versus the $2.31 billion consensus estimate. Diamondback Energy — The energy stock shed 2% after reporting third-quarter adjusted earnings per share of $3.38. Analysts had expected $3.98, according to LSEG. Diamondbank's $2.65 billion beat the $2.44 billion consensus. Boeing — Shares moved up 1.6% after machinists voted 59% in favor of a new labor deal on Monday, ending a more than seven-week strike that was affecting the company's aircraft production. The deal includes 38% wage increases over four years, among other improvements, for workers. Astera Labs — The semiconductor solutions designer soared 24% after reporting a third-quarter adjusted earnings and revenue beat. Astera also guided for fourth-quarter earnings and revenue figures that were above what analysts had expected, according to FactSet. Marqeta — Shares tumbled 39% after the modern card issuing platform's third-quarter loss exceeded estimates by 1 cent. Marqueta's $128 million in revenue was just shy of the $128.1 million consensus from FactSet. The company also said it expected revenue in the fourth quarter to increase 10% to 12% from a year earlier, while analysts surveyed by LSEG had looked for growth of more than 17%. As a result, firms including Deutsche Bank, Wells Fargo and UBS downgraded their ratings on the company, with Deutsche saying uncertainty around its core business will linger. — CNBC's Michelle Fox, Alex Harring, Hakyung Kim, Yun Li, Sarah Min and Pia Singh contributed reporting.

### DATE: 
2024-11-05

### Summary: 
Palantir reported 10 cents in earnings per share on $726 million in revenue.
Analysts surveyed by LSEG had forecast earnings of 9 cents per share and $701 million in revenue.
On the other hand, NXP's third-quarter earnings beat analysts' expectations by 2 cents per share, while its $3.25 billion revenue was in line with estimates.
Hims & Hers Health — The telehealth stock popped 7.2% after third-quarter earnings exceeded expectations of analysts polled by FactSet on both lines.
Marqueta's $128 million in revenue was just shy of the $128.1 million consensus from FactSet.

### Keywords: 
share
moves
premarket
lseg
hims
earnings
stocks
million
trump
biggest
billion
thirdquarter
shares
media
analysts
palantir
revenue
making
stock

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 252


### TITLE: 
Trump Media closes in the red on Election Day, giving up earlier rally

### TEXT: 
Former US President and Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump gestures as he speaks during a campaign rally at Van Andel Arena in Grand Rapids, Michigan on November 5, 2024.

The stock climbed as much as 15% at session highs. Action in Trump Media was heavy, with the volume coming in at more than 147 million shares — well above the 30-day average of 52.1 million.

Shares finished down around 1.2% after being halted during the session for volatility. Tuesday's rocky trading day marked the latest in what's been a series of major swings over recent weeks.

Shares trade under the ticker DJT — former President Donald Trump 's initials — and are seen as a possible proxy for the Republican candidate's prospects of retaking the White House.

Shares of Trump Media & Technology slid on Tuesday, marking the end of a volatile trading day as Americans head to the polls.

To be sure, the stock is not necessarily a pure play on whether Trump wins. The stock is up a lot already this year and could be influenced by other factors, such as profit taking.

Indeed, Trump Media, which is majority-owned by Trump, has jumped more than 90% in 2024. But the stock has struggled recently as Vice President Kamala Harris appeared to gain momentum heading into Election Day. Shares have plummeted more than 34% over the past week despite a 12% jump on Monday.

"We are trading this like GameStop on steroids right now," Jay Woods, chief global strategist at Freedom Capital Markets, said on CNBC Monday.

"And you know, kudos to those that are trading it making money. But over the long term, the metrics don't make any sense," Woods added.

Trump Media shares have seen huge retail trader inflows in the week's leading up to the election. It has also been the most-discussed stock on Reddit page WallStreetBets, which gained popularity during the GameStop fueled stock meme fad of 2021.

Though the stock has been viewed as a way to invest behind a Trump victory, the election is considered neck-and-neck as Americans head to the polls on Tuesday.

— With reporting by Kevin Breuninger.

Correction: Jay Woods is chief global strategist at Freedom Capital Markets. An earlier version misstated his title.

### DATE: 
2024-11-05

### Summary: 
Action in Trump Media was heavy, with the volume coming in at more than 147 million shares — well above the 30-day average of 52.1 million.
Tuesday's rocky trading day marked the latest in what's been a series of major swings over recent weeks.
Shares of Trump Media & Technology slid on Tuesday, marking the end of a volatile trading day as Americans head to the polls.
Indeed, Trump Media, which is majority-owned by Trump, has jumped more than 90% in 2024.
Trump Media shares have seen huge retail trader inflows in the week's leading up to the election.

### Keywords: 
woods
earlier
rally
closes
trading
trump
media
day
strategist
stock
red
election
president
shares
giving

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 253


### TITLE: 
Chinese driver-assist startup announces $100 million in funding, touts 'deep cooperation' with Nvidia

### TEXT: 
A car with autonomous driving system by Alibaba-backed DeepRoute.ai, drives on a street in Shenzhen, Guangdong province, China July 27, 2022. David Kirton | Reuters

BEIJING — Deeproute.ai, a Chinese startup developing autonomous driving systems, announced a $100 million funding round Tuesday from an undisclosed automaker, while emphasizing close ties with chipmaker Nvidia . Pitchbook data showed Chinese company Great Wall Motor led the investment. It's been difficult to obtain financing, especially from a non-government source, Maxwell Zhou, CEO of DeepRoute.ai, told reporters Tuesday in Mandarin, translated by CNBC. The startup is also in "deep cooperation" with Nvidia, Zhou said, noting "in-depth discussions" with the chipmaker's CEO Jensen Huang. Zhou spoke on "Commercializing mass-produced autonomous driving solutions" at Nvidia's closely watched GTC AI conference in March.

watch now

Shenzhen-based Deeproute said it uses Nvidia's Orin chip for its current driver-assist system. The startup added it is part of the first batch of companies in China to obtain Nvidia's newer Thor chip for cars and will release a new system using it next year that can use more visual cues to manage more complex driving scenarios. "Lots of companies in China are competing on autonomous driving. It is actually a competition over AI," Zhou said. In terms of AI computing power, Deeproute said it has its own capacity, and can tap Alibaba 's if needed. The e-commerce and cloud computing company led a $300 million investment round in Deeproute in 2021, giving it a valuation of more than $1 billion just two years after it was founded in 2019, according to the startup. The U.S. in October 2022 imposed sweeping restrictions on China's ability to access the most advanced semiconductors from Nvidia and other American companies. Automotive chips don't currently fall in that category. Nvidia is scheduled to release earnings for the quarter ended Oct. 27 on Nov. 20. For the quarter ended July 28, the chipmaker said its automotive segment saw revenue rise by 37% year-on-year to $345 million.

Eyes on Japan

Deeproute currently works with Chinese automakers selling in China. The company expects at least three car models using its driver-assist system will hit the road this year. Already, Deeproute's systems are running in more than 20,000 cars on the road, Zhou said. He expects that number to increase, potentially by ten-fold, next year. The startup, which has an office in California, said it is looking to work with foreign automakers and plans to participate in Japan's auto show next year.

Tesla competition

Deeproute has focused on using artificial intelligence to automatically drive cars, without relying on "high-definition maps." That allows a vehicle to use driver assist tech on roads where those technical parameters haven't been created. It's a trend car tech companies such as Xpeng and Huawei are pursuing — and Tesla 's strategy for developing autonomous driving. Elon Musk's car company has focused on using cameras and artificial intelligence to steer the vehicle, without heavy reliance on HD maps. Those maps, used by autonomous driving companies such as Alphabet's Waymo, give a car a detailed picture of city streets. But they need to be created before a car runs on the road, a process that can drive up costs. Zhou said the company is very eager for Tesla's driver-assist product — called "Full Self-Driving" — to enter China. His reasoning is that Tesla's product will encourage more consumers to become more interested in driver-assist features — and boost Deeproute's prominence in the sector. When asked about IPO plans, Zhou said the startup would keep to its own development pace, but it welcomed the latest public offerings of other industry players. Chinese autonomous driving software developer WeRide went public on the Nasdaq last month, while robotaxi operator Pony.ai has filed for a U.S. IPO.

Industry focus on driver-assist

### DATE: 
2024-11-05

### Summary: 
David Kirton | ReutersBEIJING — Deeproute.ai, a Chinese startup developing autonomous driving systems, announced a $100 million funding round Tuesday from an undisclosed automaker, while emphasizing close ties with chipmaker Nvidia .
The startup is also in "deep cooperation" with Nvidia, Zhou said, noting "in-depth discussions" with the chipmaker's CEO Jensen Huang.
Zhou spoke on "Commercializing mass-produced autonomous driving solutions" at Nvidia's closely watched GTC AI conference in March.
Those maps, used by autonomous driving companies such as Alphabet's Waymo, give a car a detailed picture of city streets.
Chinese autonomous driving software developer WeRide went public on the Nasdaq last month, while robotaxi operator Pony.ai has filed for a U.S. IPO.

### Keywords: 
nvidia
zhou
announces
startup
funding
autonomous
million
chinese
company
using
touts
driverassist
companies
deep
cooperation
driving
china
car

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 254


### TITLE: 
Katie Stockton says bitcoin could be headed to $98,000 next after some short-term consolidation

### TEXT: 
Market participants have been closely watching the so-called "Trump trades" on the back of the election. The cryptocurrency market is one that was strongly impacted by Trump's victory last week, noting bitcoin subsequently gained about 23%. The charts are a great way to analyze cryptocurrencies like bitcoin given their deep global liquidity and pure supply/demand dynamics. The postelection rally in bitcoin has had a positive impact on the chart from a technical perspective, with a breakout to new all-time highs having been confirmed. The breakout resolves a seven-month long corrective phase to the upside in a bullish intermediate-term development. The weekly MACD is positive after flashing a timely 'buy' signal a few weeks earlier. This should allow overbought conditions to be absorbed for some time. The effect of the postelection rally is also meaningful on the monthly chart, which has taken the shape of a bullish cup-and-handle formation. There is a new bullish 'pop' higher in the stochastic oscillator, which suggests that the cyclical bull trend is set for another wave higher. The monthly MACD histogram shows an uptick in long-term upside momentum in additional positive technical development. $98,000? Breakouts to new highs often instill questions about upside potential. When there is no resistance left on the charts, we can apply a measured move price projection to derive a target. In the case of bitcoin, an aggressive measured move targets approximately $98.1K, based on the 2023-2024 upmove projected from the corrective low in August. Former resistance near $73.8K is now initial support following the breakout. Investors in bitcoin should welcome the breakout as an extension of the uptrend, and prospective investors should see it as a reason to revisit the chart. We recommend letting bitcoin digest its strong gains of late in a short-term consolidation phase before adding exposure. —Katie Stockton with Will Tamplin Access research from Fairlead Strategies for free here . DISCLOSURES: (None) All opinions expressed by the CNBC Pro contributors are solely their opinions and do not reflect the opinions of CNBC, NBC UNIVERSAL, their parent company or affiliates, and may have been previously disseminated by them on television, radio, internet or another medium. THE ABOVE CONTENT IS SUBJECT TO OUR TERMS AND CONDITIONS AND PRIVACY POLICY . THIS CONTENT IS PROVIDED FOR INFORMATIONAL PURPOSES ONLY AND DOES NOT CONSITUTE FINANCIAL, INVESTMENT, TAX OR LEGAL ADVICE OR A RECOMMENDATION TO BUY ANY SECURITY OR OTHER FINANCIAL ASSET. THE CONTENT IS GENERAL IN NATURE AND DOES NOT REFLECT ANY INDIVIDUAL'S UNIQUE PERSONAL CIRCUMSTANCES. THE ABOVE CONTENT MIGHT NOT BE SUITABLE FOR YOUR PARTICULAR CIRCUMSTANCES. BEFORE MAKING ANY FINANCIAL DECISIONS, YOU SHOULD STRONGLY CONSIDER SEEKING ADVICE FROM YOUR OWN FINANCIAL OR INVESTMENT ADVISOR. Click here for the full disclaimer. Fairlead Strategies Disclaimer: This communication has been prepared by Fairlead Strategies LLC ("Fairlead Strategies") for informational purposes only. This material is for illustration and discussion purposes and not intended to be, nor construed as, financial, legal, tax or investment advice. You should consult appropriate advisors concerning such matters. This material presents information through the date indicated, reflecting the author's current expectations, and is subject to revision by the author, though the author is under no obligation to do so. This material may contain commentary on broad-based indices, market conditions, different types of securities, and cryptocurrencies, using the discipline of technical analysis, which evaluates the demand and supply based on market pricing. The views expressed herein are solely those of the author. This material should not be construed as a recommendation, or advice or an offer or solicitation with respect to the purchase or sale of any investment. The information is not intended to provide a basis on which you could make an investment decision on any particular security or its issuer. This document is intended for CNBC Pro subscribers only and is not for distribution to the general public. Certain information has been provided by and/or is based on third party sources and, although such information is believed to be reliable, no representation is made with respect to the accuracy, completeness, or timeliness of such information. This information may be subject to change without notice. Fairlead Strategies undertakes no obligation to maintain or update this material based on subsequent information and events or to provide you with any additional or supplemental information or any update to or correction of the information contained herein. Fairlead Strategies, its officers, employees, affiliates and partners shall not be liable to any person in any way whatsoever for any losses, costs, or claims for your reliance on this material. Nothing herein is, or shall be relied on as, a promise or representation as to future performance. PAST PERFORMANCE IS NOT INDICATIVE OF FUTURE RESULTS. Opinions expressed in this material may differ or be contrary to opinions expressed, or actions taken, by Fairlead Strategies or its affiliates, or their respective officers, directors, or employees. In addition, any opinions and assumptions expressed herein are made as of the date of this communication and are subject to change and/or withdrawal without notice. Fairlead Strategies or its affiliates may have positions in financial instruments mentioned, may have acquired such positions at prices no longer available, and may have interests different from or adverse to your interests or inconsistent with the advice herein. Any investments made are made under the same terms as nonaffiliated investors and do not constitute a controlling interest. No liability is accepted by Fairlead Strategies, its officers, employees, affiliates, or partners for any losses that may arise from any use of the information contained herein. Any financial instruments mentioned herein are speculative in nature and may involve risk to principal and interest. Any prices or levels shown are either historical or purely indicative. This material does not take into account the particular investment objectives or financial circumstances, objectives or needs of any specific investor, and are not intended as recommendations of particular securities, investment products, or other financial products or strategies to particular clients. Securities, investment products, other financial products or strategies discussed herein may not be suitable for all investors. The recipient of this information must make its own independent decisions regarding any securities, investment products or other financial products mentioned herein. The material should not be provided to any person in a jurisdiction where its provision or use would be contrary to local laws, rules, or regulations. This material is not to be reproduced or redistributed absent the written consent of Fairlead Strategies.

### DATE: 
2024-11-11

### Summary: 
We recommend letting bitcoin digest its strong gains of late in a short-term consolidation phase before adding exposure.
—Katie Stockton with Will Tamplin Access research from Fairlead Strategies for free here .
Fairlead Strategies Disclaimer: This communication has been prepared by Fairlead Strategies LLC ("Fairlead Strategies") for informational purposes only.
Securities, investment products, other financial products or strategies discussed herein may not be suitable for all investors.
The recipient of this information must make its own independent decisions regarding any securities, investment products or other financial products mentioned herein.

### Keywords: 
consolidation
particular
financial
products
bitcoin
information
katie
investment
stockton
strategies
98000
fairlead
material
opinions
shortterm
headed

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 255


### TITLE: 
This other Elon Musk proxy is up more than 200% since the election

### TEXT: 
The election victory of Donald Trump is sparking a huge rally for investments tied to Elon Musk , even indirectly. The Destiny Tech100 Fund — a closed-end fund that trades on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker DXYZ — surged again Monday, trading above $40 per share. The fund is now up more than 200% since Election Day. The fund holds shares in privately held tech companies, most notably Musk's SpaceX. The one position accounts for more than a third of the fund's portfolio, according to its website . Other notable holdings include Axiom Space, Epic Games and OpenAI. DXYZ 5D mountain This closed-end fund has rallied sharply since the election. The rally is not too surprising given that Musk campaigned with the president-elect and that Tesla has also rallied sharply since the election. However, the price of the Destiny fund could give some investors pause. The latest unaudited financial report for the fund showed net asset value per share of $5.15 as of June 30. That means that the fund is now trading at a premium of roughly 700% above that valuation. To be sure, investors may be betting SpaceX and other holdings are worth more now than they were on June 30. DXYZ launched in March, but this isn't the first time that the fund has traded at an eye-popping premium . The fund traded as high as $105 per share during the April 8 trading session, but was back below $10 per share in August. While it is not uncommon for closed-end funds to trade at a gap to their net asset value, the difference for the Destiny fund is unusually large. Additionally, it is more common for the funds to trade at a discount than a premium. DXYZ currently holds positions in 22 companies, according to its website, though the plan is to build out a portfolio of 100, Destiny XYZ CEO Sohail Prasad told CNBC in April. The fund has a management fee of 2.5%.

### DATE: 
2024-11-11

### Summary: 
The election victory of Donald Trump is sparking a huge rally for investments tied to Elon Musk , even indirectly.
The fund is now up more than 200% since Election Day.
DXYZ 5D mountain This closed-end fund has rallied sharply since the election.
The rally is not too surprising given that Musk campaigned with the president-elect and that Tesla has also rallied sharply since the election.
However, the price of the Destiny fund could give some investors pause.

### Keywords: 
share
proxy
website
trading
elon
closedend
dxyz
musk
premium
fund
200
funds
destiny
election

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 256


### TITLE: 
Who Trump picks to fight his trade battles is apparently important to financial markets

### TEXT: 
Chatter that President-elect Donald Trump could appoint former U.S. Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer to oversee trade policy is moving markets, from the dollar on currency exchanges to stocks that would be sensitive to tariffs. During Trump's first term as president, Lighthizer was central to his protectionist policy and was in the U.S. trade representative role when Trump launched the trade war with China. The news that Lighthizer could be returning to this post, reported by the Financial Times late Friday, spooked the market — the greenback, for example, spiked in a knee-jerk reaction to the headline. .DXY 5D mountain The Dollar Index over the poast five days. "Any clues on Trump's appointments may be market moving," Jim Reid, research strategist at Deutsche Bank, said in a note. "Case in point, the Dollar's rise immediately after the FT reported late Friday afternoon UK time that Robert Lighthizer would be asked to be the US Trade Representative in the new administration." The dollar had risen to the strongest level in a year last Wednesday after Trump defeated Vice President Kamala Harris in the presidential sweepstakes. Trump's policy proposals to cut taxes and slap tariffs on imports are believed to undermine the currencies of some of America's biggest trading partners. To be sure, Lighthizer's appointment hasn't been confirmed and outlets including CNN and Reuters have reported that the FT story was untrue. Bank of America tracks a basket of consumer stocks with high exposure to China tariffs, and these companies plunged Friday. The basket has underperformed the S & P 500 for six weeks running. "I would think there's more of this volatility ahead given these stocks' sensitivity to anything Tariff related," the Bank of America trading desk said in a note to clients. It remains to be seen if Trump will follow through with his campaign threat to impose tariffs as high as 60% on all imports from China, but any updates on this front are expected to move markets.

### DATE: 
2024-11-11

### Summary: 
Chatter that President-elect Donald Trump could appoint former U.S. Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer to oversee trade policy is moving markets, from the dollar on currency exchanges to stocks that would be sensitive to tariffs.
During Trump's first term as president, Lighthizer was central to his protectionist policy and was in the U.S. trade representative role when Trump launched the trade war with China.
"Any clues on Trump's appointments may be market moving," Jim Reid, research strategist at Deutsche Bank, said in a note.
Trump's policy proposals to cut taxes and slap tariffs on imports are believed to undermine the currencies of some of America's biggest trading partners.
Bank of America tracks a basket of consumer stocks with high exposure to China tariffs, and these companies plunged Friday.

### Keywords: 
trade
picks
fight
stocks
dollar
trumps
financial
representative
reported
trump
battles
lighthizer
markets
important
apparently
policy
tariffs

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 257


### TITLE: 
A consumer turnaround story that could take a while. How to play it with options

### TEXT: 
There's a struggling auto parts stock where a notable activist is involved that could be ripe for a turnaround... but it may take some time. I'll review how I'm playing it with options. Since hitting its all-time high in Jan. 2022, Advance Auto Parts (AAP) , which reports earnings this week, has grossly underperformed the stock market overall, even as its two most well-known competitors, Autozone and O'Reilly Automotive, outperformed significantly. O'Reilly has seen a total return of almost 78%, Autozone nearly 53%, and the S & P 500 more than 33%. Meanwhile, AAP has fallen more than 80%. Although Advance Auto was the smallest of the three at the end of 2021, these companies, ostensibly selling similar products, were within the same order of magnitude as of 2021. Advance did about $11 billion in revenues and operated about 5,000 retail locations with about 40,000 employees. Autozone, the largest of the three, did about $14.5 billion in revenues and operated about 7,000 retail locations with about 70,000 employees. O'Reilly had just under 5,800 stores. Revenues at both Autozone and O'Reilly have grown by high single-digit percentages per year since, with profit margins of around 14.5%. But the Advance topline has stagnated - actually declining on an inflation-adjusted basis, with net income margins of 1% or less, barely turning a profit. AAP 1Y mountain Advance Auto Parts, 1 year Between the company's poor operating performance and the stock's sharp declines, it is unsurprising that sell-side analysts aren't enthusiastic. Advance Auto has only 3 buys. To put things in perspective, sell-side analysts generally rank the company in the bottom decile within the Russell 1000 and the consumer discretionary sector more precisely, compared to the 80th percentile for Autozone. A potential cause of this underperformance is corporate management. When similar businesses have vastly dissimilar operating results, it's reasonable to question whether a shift in management and strategy can turn around an underperforming company. Advance Auto Parts seems a good candidate, and scanning the holders of AAP, it seems some well-known activists, such as Third Point agree . Investing alongside activist hedge funds like Third Point in "turnaround" stories can present a blend of potential rewards and risks. Activist hedge funds bring industry experience and often shake up company management or strategy. By investing alongside them, you benefit from their expertise in identifying changes that could boost company value. Activists target undervalued or underperforming companies to unlock shareholder value. If their strategies work, returns can be substantial, especially if they succeed in pushing the company toward operational improvement, asset sales, or strategic pivots. Activists often increase transparency within target companies and may go for cost reductions, streamlined operations, or a shift to more profitable product lines. If successful, these changes can significantly enhance long-term profitability and stock performance. In many cases, activists pursue either the sale of parts of the company or the entire company. This can lead to an acquisition premium on the stock, delivering quick, high returns to investors. Indeed, Advance Auto completed the sale of Worldpac to Carlyle Group this past week, which should net the company about $1.2 billion, providing needed capital to invest in improving the company's supply chain - which has received criticism. Shane O'Kelly, who joined the company as CEO in 2023, was previously Senior VP/CEO: of HD Supply at Home Depot and would appear to be the ideal candidate to heal what ails the company. While the activist's strategy may be sound, it might be challenging to implement due to market conditions or capital constraints. Companies targeted by activists often experience heightened stock volatility as market sentiment shifts in response to news about the activist's involvement, board changes, or shifts in strategy. Activists can sometimes push for strategies that yield short-term gains at the expense of long-term growth, such as cutting R & D or selling profitable divisions, which may hurt the company's future potential. However, the company has indicated that around $200mm of the Worldpac sale proceeds will be allocated to improving the company's supply chain as soon as possible. The trade Right now, the options market suggests things could be very choppy at AAP for a while, particularly around this week's quarterly earnings release. Options prices indicate a move of about 17% by the end of the week. Turnaround stories take time; this one will too. My suggestion? A strangle swap : Sell AAP Nov. 15 $30 put Buy AAP Feb. 21 $30 put Sell AAP Nov. 15 $45 call Buy AAP Feb 21. $45 call This will capitalize on the shift over time but capture elevated near-dated premiums to help finance it. DISCLOSURES: (None) All opinions expressed by the CNBC Pro contributors are solely their opinions and do not reflect the opinions of CNBC, NBC UNIVERSAL, their parent company or affiliates, and may have been previously disseminated by them on television, radio, internet or another medium. THE ABOVE CONTENT IS SUBJECT TO OUR TERMS AND CONDITIONS AND PRIVACY POLICY . THIS CONTENT IS PROVIDED FOR INFORMATIONAL PURPOSES ONLY AND DOES NOT CONSITUTE FINANCIAL, INVESTMENT, TAX OR LEGAL ADVICE OR A RECOMMENDATION TO BUY ANY SECURITY OR OTHER FINANCIAL ASSET. THE CONTENT IS GENERAL IN NATURE AND DOES NOT REFLECT ANY INDIVIDUAL'S UNIQUE PERSONAL CIRCUMSTANCES. THE ABOVE CONTENT MIGHT NOT BE SUITABLE FOR YOUR PARTICULAR CIRCUMSTANCES. BEFORE MAKING ANY FINANCIAL DECISIONS, YOU SHOULD STRONGLY CONSIDER SEEKING ADVICE FROM YOUR OWN FINANCIAL OR INVESTMENT ADVISOR. Click here for the full disclaimer.

### DATE: 
2024-11-11

### Summary: 
There's a struggling auto parts stock where a notable activist is involved that could be ripe for a turnaround... but it may take some time.
Although Advance Auto was the smallest of the three at the end of 2021, these companies, ostensibly selling similar products, were within the same order of magnitude as of 2021.
AAP 1Y mountain Advance Auto Parts, 1 year Between the company's poor operating performance and the stock's sharp declines, it is unsurprising that sell-side analysts aren't enthusiastic.
Advance Auto Parts seems a good candidate, and scanning the holders of AAP, it seems some well-known activists, such as Third Point agree .
While the activist's strategy may be sound, it might be challenging to implement due to market conditions or capital constraints.

### Keywords: 
consumer
autozone
play
advance
oreilly
company
aap
options
strategy
activists
auto
turnaround
parts
stock

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 258


### TITLE: 
Wedbush’s Dan Ives raises Tesla price target to $400, says Trump win is a ‘gamechanger’

### TEXT: 
Shares of Tesla are set to soar under a second Trump presidency, according to widely followed analyst Dan Ives of Wedbush. Ives reiterated his outperform rating and hiked his 12-month price target for the electric vehicle manufacturer to $400 from $300. This new forecast signals about 25% upside from Friday's close. Ives cited Donald Trump's victory for a second presidential term as a catalyst for the price target change. CEO Elon Musk has been a strong advocate for the president-elect. "We believe the Trump White House win will be a gamechanger for the autonomous and AI story for Tesla and Musk over the coming years," Ives wrote. Tesla's artificial intelligence initiatives point to the company beginning its transformation from a mere car company to a "leading disruptive technology global player," Ives wrote. A Trump win will further clear the federal regulatory spiderweb that Tesla has encountered over the past few years. "Now the next step in this broader Tesla strategic vision begins which is the autonomous and AI era as we believe Tesla remains the most undervalued AI play in the market today," Ives said. "In essence, Musk made a strategic and big bet on a Trump White House win that will be known as a 'bet for the ages' for TSLA bulls as now Tesla and Musk are set to reap the benefits from a new friendlier regulatory era in the Beltway ahead." Ives predicted the AI and autonomous opportunity alone was worth around $1 trillion for Tesla. With that in mind, Tesla's valuation — currently at just more than $1 trillion — could march to between $1.5 trillion and $2 trillion over the next 12 to 18 months. A Trump win also means a more bearish outlook for the overall electric vehicle industry, since it is more likely that rebates and tax incentives will be pulled. But this, coupled with more stringent Chinese tariffs, could actually provide another advantage for Tesla. "Tesla has the scale and scope that is unmatched in the EV industry and this dynamic could give Musk and Tesla a clear competitive advantage in a non-EV subsidy environment starting in 2025, coupled by likely higher China tariffs that would continue to push away cheaper Chinese EV players (BYD, Nio, etc.) from flooding the US market over the coming years," Ives added. Shares of Tesla have climbed around 39% in 2024. TSLA YTD mountain TSLA YTD chart

### DATE: 
2024-11-11

### Summary: 
Shares of Tesla are set to soar under a second Trump presidency, according to widely followed analyst Dan Ives of Wedbush.
Ives reiterated his outperform rating and hiked his 12-month price target for the electric vehicle manufacturer to $400 from $300.
A Trump win will further clear the federal regulatory spiderweb that Tesla has encountered over the past few years.
A Trump win also means a more bearish outlook for the overall electric vehicle industry, since it is more likely that rebates and tax incentives will be pulled.
TSLA YTD mountain TSLA YTD chart

### Keywords: 
ytd
win
autonomous
dan
trump
target
trillion
price
musk
tsla
gamechanger
raises
ai
tesla
wedbushs
ives

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 259


### TITLE: 
Top tech fund manager at T. Rowe Price gives his best postelection picks from here

### TEXT: 
A top technology fund manager is laying out his favorite names in the sector going forward. "It's an exciting time where we're seeing productivity really get enhanced, and perhaps this being a really big industrial economic productivity increaser," Tony Wang, portfolio manager of T. Rowe Price's science and technology equity strategy, told CNBC's " Squawk Box " on Monday. For nearly two years since the debut of ChatGPT, companies have poured money into semiconductor and infrastructure names underpinning the buildout of artificial intelligence tools. Now, Wang believes the tide is shifting in favor of software companies and app developers launching and integrating AI products. APP YTD mountain Applovin shares this year Along with Nvidia, Wang views Marvell Technology as a key long-term AI play with a "strong future" given its custom chip products with hyperscalers such as Amazon . He also highlighted the company's CEO as a strong "capital allocator." While the " Magnificent Seven " stocks should continue to lead given their data access; large customer base; and capital to train, build and deploy AI models, Wang anticipates a new crop of beneficiaries emerging. This includes Palantir and Applovin . Wang highlighted Applovin's digital advertising moat and strong execution among the reasons he favors the stock. Applovin surged 77%, scoring its best week on record, following a strong earnings report . Shares are up more than 590% this year. "A lot of them had really quite big moves recently in the last earnings and I think that's driven largely by their AI data flywheel," he said of the picks. "Technology trends are often on an exponential adoption curve, and a lot of times the market … underestimates these tech transitions."

### DATE: 
2024-11-11

### Summary: 
A top technology fund manager is laying out his favorite names in the sector going forward.
"It's an exciting time where we're seeing productivity really get enhanced, and perhaps this being a really big industrial economic productivity increaser," Tony Wang, portfolio manager of T. Rowe Price's science and technology equity strategy, told CNBC's " Squawk Box " on Monday.
Now, Wang believes the tide is shifting in favor of software companies and app developers launching and integrating AI products.
Applovin surged 77%, scoring its best week on record, following a strong earnings report .
"Technology trends are often on an exponential adoption curve, and a lot of times the market … underestimates these tech transitions."

### Keywords: 
picks
wang
rowe
tech
applovin
gives
really
technology
price
manager
fund
strong
ai
shares
best
names
productivity
products
postelection

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 260


### TITLE: 
Wall Street growing worried the stock market's Trump rally is getting ahead of itself

### TEXT: 
The stock market's postelection rally may have gone too far, too fast. The S & P 500 surged 4.7% last week, its biggest weekly gain since November 2023. The Dow Jones Industrial Average and Nasdaq Composite also posted strong gains, up 4.6% and 5.7% in the week, respectively. The major averages also hit all-time highs. The rally was sparked by Donald Trump securing a second presidential victory, with investors betting his return to the White House will ease regulation, lower taxes and spur stronger corporate profits. Now, some on Wall Street are worried the rally may soon cool off, at least in the near term. .SPX YTD mountain SPX year to date "While we were clearly too cautious coming into this week … that doesn't change the fact that many parts of the market are now extremely extended and at poor entry points," wrote Jonathan Krinsky, chief market technician at BTIG. He noted that 27% of S & P 500 companies hit 52-week highs on Wednesday when stocks made an explosive move the day after the election. "Since 2009, when more than 25% of SPX components hit a 52-week high, 10-day returns have averaged -0.49% and higher just 43% of the time. [Thirty] days later, the SPX has been lower eight of the last ten times averaging a -1.65% return," Krinsky said. The S & P 500 closed Friday's session at 5,995.54 after briefly trading above 6,000 for the first time. Anything more, and investors should take profits, according to Citigroup strategist Scott Chronert. "We reiterate our view that investors should tactically fade a post-election rally should the S & P 500 exceed our 6100 year-end bull case target, which roughly aligns with a +5% index move from election day," he said. Elsewhere on Wall Street this morning, Piper Sandler named Nvidia a top pick, calling for a gain of nearly 20%. "Our viewpoint is rooted in the belief that the overall [total addressable market] for AI accelerators will continue to rise in 2025 by ~$70 billion, and we see NVDA well positioned to capture most of the incremental TAM increase while ceding only a small bit to its merchant chip competitors," Piper Sandler wrote. AI accelerators are components that make artificial intelligence and machine learning applications more efficient.

### DATE: 
2024-11-11

### Summary: 
The S & P 500 surged 4.7% last week, its biggest weekly gain since November 2023.
Now, some on Wall Street are worried the rally may soon cool off, at least in the near term.
He noted that 27% of S & P 500 companies hit 52-week highs on Wednesday when stocks made an explosive move the day after the election.
The S & P 500 closed Friday's session at 5,995.54 after briefly trading above 6,000 for the first time.
Elsewhere on Wall Street this morning, Piper Sandler named Nvidia a top pick, calling for a gain of nearly 20%.

### Keywords: 
ahead
market
worried
street
p
wrote
500
rally
s
trump
getting
markets
wall
spx
growing
investors
week
hit
stock

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 261


### TITLE: 
Here are Monday's biggest analyst calls: Nvidia, Apple, Tesla, Dell and more

### TEXT: 
Here are Monday's biggest calls on Wall Street: UBS downgrades Vale to neutral from buy UBS said in its downgrade of Vale that it is concerned about "iron ore fundamentals" for the metals and mining company. "However, we remain concerned about iron ore fundamentals medium-term (note) & see downside to the spot price; in our opinion, China steel exports are vulnerable to global restrictions & unlikely to be fully offset by stimulus." Wedbush upgrades Pinterest to outperform from neutral Wedbush said the company is executing well. "We are upgrading shares of Pinterest to Outperform from Neutral. We think the company is executing well against its user engagement and monetization strategies and remains on pace to deliver growth and profits in line with its multi-year guidance framework." Piper Sandler names Nvidia a top pick The firm said Nvidia is a new top pick. "With this preview, we are making NVDA our top large-cap pick given the company's dominant positioning in AI accelerators and the upcoming launch of the Blackwell architecture." Bernstein reiterates Burlington as a top pick The firm said Burlington is an "off price underdog." "BURL is our top pick both into the quarter and medium-term, as the Off-price Underdog shows continued steady performance." Citi reiterates Apple as a top pick The firm said it is sticking with its buy rating even as the stock is highly exposed to China. "China is the main manufacturing location for Apple with more than 90% manufacturing in China, in our estimates." JPMorgan upgrades Valley National to overweight from neutral The firm said the regional bank is doing well at reducing its commercial real estate concentration. "We are upgrading VLY shares from Neutral to Overweight." Morgan Stanley reiterates Dell as overweight Morgan Stanley raised its price target on Dell to $154 per share from $136. "While our 3Q24 CIO Survey showed that DELL is the best-positioned hardware vendor to capture traditional enterprise spend over the next 3 years, our recent AI server checks show that DELL's AI infrastructure momentum is building even faster." Wolfe upgrades Warner Bros. Discovery to peer perform from underperform Wolfe said the risk/reward now looks more balanced. "We've downgraded WBD twice since July '23 anticipating accelerating ad sales problems and the NBA loss, but DC change + distributor openness to DTC bundles create positive optionality w/ values above today's price. Risk/reward looks balanced. Upgrade to Peer Perform." Morgan Stanley reiterates Nvidia as overweight The firm raised its price target on Nvidia to $160 per share from $150. "The current environment is completely supply constrained on Blackwell, and also partly on H200; we expect another very good quarter, but we think the bigger upward revisions happen later in the year." Deutsche Bank upgrades Cboe to buy from hold Deutsche Bank said it is bullish on the exchange trading company. "Our upgrade is driven by our revised view that CBOE will maintain healthy revenue growth in at least 2025, supported by our belief that equity markets may remain volatile over the intermediate term post the US election results, at least episodically, driving greater use of index & volatility options & futures products." JPMorgan upgrades Cisco to overweight from neutral "The firm said it sees "enterprise networking demand" for Cisco. "We are upgrading Cisco from Neutral to Overweight despite the strong run in the shares since reporting F4Q24 (Jul-end) earnings in the middle of August, driven by our expectation of further headroom for upside in the medium term…" JPMorgan upgrades Orion to overweight from neutral The firm said the architectural company is undervalued. "We upgrade Orion to Overweight with December 2025 price target of $21 and 34% appreciation potential, reflecting a 6x multiple of EBITDA, and downgrade Cabot to Underweight with a $105 price target reflecting a 7.5x multiple of EBITDA and 9% depreciation potential." Wedbush reiterates Tesla as outperform The firm said Tesla remains well positioned. "We are raising our price target on Tesla to $400 from $300 as we believe the Trump White House win will be a gamechanger for the autonomous and AI story for Tesla and Musk over the coming years." Raymond James downgrades Bloomin' Brands to market perform from outperform Raymond James downgraded the owner of brands such as Outback due to lower visibility. "We are lowering our rating on BLMN to Market Perform from Outperform as 1) near-term visibility (and 4Q guide) was worse than we anticipated and 2) proceeds/accretion on the sale/ franchising of its Brazil segment also came in below our expectations." Bank of America upgrades Tanger to buy from neutral The firm said in its upgrade of Tanger that it is bullish on the real estate investment trust operator of malls. "Our more bullish view reflects management's leasing accomplishments YTD which have exceeded our expectations."

### DATE: 
2024-11-11

### Summary: 
Piper Sandler names Nvidia a top pick The firm said Nvidia is a new top pick.
Morgan Stanley reiterates Dell as overweight Morgan Stanley raised its price target on Dell to $154 per share from $136.
Morgan Stanley reiterates Nvidia as overweight The firm raised its price target on Nvidia to $160 per share from $150.
Wedbush reiterates Tesla as outperform The firm said Tesla remains well positioned.
"We are raising our price target on Tesla to $400 from $300 as we believe the Trump White House win will be a gamechanger for the autonomous and AI story for Tesla and Musk over the coming years."

### Keywords: 
nvidia
calls
overweight
upgrades
analyst
pick
target
biggest
apple
price
company
neutral
firm
outperform
mondays
tesla
dell
reiterates

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 262


### TITLE: 
Buy this exchange stock as postelection volatility boosts trading revenue, Deutsche Bank says

### TEXT: 
Cboe Global Markets could benefit from the postelection volatility spike, according to Deutsche Bank. Analyst Brian Bedell upgraded the exchange stock to buy from hold and raised his price target to $222 from $211. This updated forecast represents an approximately 13% upside. Bedell said Cboe should maintain healthy revenue growth into at least 2025. This is supported by his belief "that equity markets may remain volatile over the intermediate term post the U.S. election results, at least episodically, driving greater use of index & volatility options & futures products." Further product innovation and greater adoption of options usage, such as at Robinhood, should also contribute to greater organic revenue growth, Bedell added. "This includes continued synergistic growth in market data and access fees, for which management believes it can grow by 7% this year, and a 7-10% annual range remains mgmt's expectation over the medium term," he elaborated. "Building on the successful growth of [zero days to expiration] index options (which now account for nearly half of CBOE's SPX index options volume), mgmt. has added a variety of expiries & smaller trading increments, indices and ways to trade volatility." The analyst now thinks Cboe could generate revenue growth of 8% in 2025 and 6% in 2026, up from his prior forecast of 6% and 3%, respectively. Stronger revenue growth should eventually enable positive operating leverage, allowing the company to outperform existing expectations of operating margin stability. The analyst pointed out that while Cboe shares have been the worst-performing stock in his coverage in the fourth quarter, the company is also the most directly levered to equity market volatility within his exchange coverage. Bedell added that strategic management decisions could also continue to boost shares. "On expenses, we think mgmt. will be able to moderately slow the pace of expense growth in future years, having mostly built out its global architecture," he wrote. "Operating leverage will likely still be dependent on macro-driven volume growth, though we think mgmt. may try to calibrate expense growth with organic growth, with upside potential from market volatility — which we think will be the case in at least 2025." Shares of Cboe are roughly 10% higher on the year. CBOE YTD mountain CBOE YTD chart Analyst sentiment on the stock is tepid. Of the 18 who cover Cboe, 12 have a hold rating, LSEG data shows.

### DATE: 
2024-11-11

### Summary: 
Cboe Global Markets could benefit from the postelection volatility spike, according to Deutsche Bank.
Analyst Brian Bedell upgraded the exchange stock to buy from hold and raised his price target to $222 from $211.
Bedell said Cboe should maintain healthy revenue growth into at least 2025.
Further product innovation and greater adoption of options usage, such as at Robinhood, should also contribute to greater organic revenue growth, Bedell added.
Stronger revenue growth should eventually enable positive operating leverage, allowing the company to outperform existing expectations of operating margin stability.

### Keywords: 
boosts
volatility
bank
trading
revenue
postelection
exchange
cboe
bedell
analyst
growth
deutsche
options
think
buy
stock
shares

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 263


### TITLE: 
Piper Sandler names Nvidia a top pick, sees shares rising nearly 20% after blockbuster year

### TEXT: 
Nvidia's strong run is poised to continue, according to Piper Sandler. The investment firm named the semiconductor giant its top large-cap pick, citing the launch of Nvidia's upcoming Blackwell chip and lead within artificial intelligence computing. Analyst Harsh Kumar stood by his overweight rating on the stock and raised his price target to $175 from $140. Kumar's updated price forecast is about 19% above where the stock closed Friday. Year to date, shares have soared 198%. NVDA YTD mountain NVDA YTD chart "Our viewpoint is rooted in the belief that the overall [total addressable market] for AI accelerators will continue to rise in 2025 by ~$70 billion, and we see NVDA well positioned to capture most of the incremental TAM increase while ceding only a small bit to its merchant chip competitors," the analyst wrote. AI accelerators are components that make AI and machine learning applications more efficient. Capital expenditure trends continue to be favorable at major tech companies, as seen in the latest reports from Microsoft, Meta and Amazon, the analyst said. Kumar thinks these spending levels could be sustained through 2025. "We think this clearly benefits NVDA in the near to mid-term future and as such, we are taking our numbers up slightly for the January quarter and subsequent FY26 quarters," the analyst added. Additionally, Nvidia's Blackwell chip should become available in the first quarter of next year and could bring in between $5 billion and $8 billion in revenue, Kumar said. "As supply improves, we see more customers coming on for Blackwell beyond initial hyperscaler adoption in the following April quarter," Kumar wrote. "Given expanded GPU allocations and initial shipments of the Grace Blackwell for inference applications, we are projecting Blackwell architecture revenues could increase to the tune of 200%+ in the April quarter following supply constraints."

### DATE: 
2024-11-11

### Summary: 
Nvidia's strong run is poised to continue, according to Piper Sandler.
The investment firm named the semiconductor giant its top large-cap pick, citing the launch of Nvidia's upcoming Blackwell chip and lead within artificial intelligence computing.
Analyst Harsh Kumar stood by his overweight rating on the stock and raised his price target to $175 from $140.
Additionally, Nvidia's Blackwell chip should become available in the first quarter of next year and could bring in between $5 billion and $8 billion in revenue, Kumar said.
"As supply improves, we see more customers coming on for Blackwell beyond initial hyperscaler adoption in the following April quarter," Kumar wrote.

### Keywords: 
sandler
kumar
nvidias
blockbuster
pick
continue
billion
nvda
ai
piper
shares
sees
blackwell
names
quarter
analyst
rising
chip
nvidia
nearly

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 264


### TITLE: 
This wind stock tanked after Trump's win. Analysts now say buy the dip, giving it major upside

### TEXT: 
Shares of Vestas Wind Systems tanked on the news that Donald Trump had won the 2024 presidential election. Investors dumped shares of the world's largest wind turbine maker as Trump has vowed to curtail renewable energy subsidies and favors the oil and gas sector. Other European renewable energy firms, such as wind farm operator Orsted , also fell. However, analysts at a number of investment banks have suggested that investors overreacted to fears of a downturn for the sector. VWDRY 1Y line "Donald Trump's victory and a republican sweep in Congress is the worst political outcome in the USA for Vestas," said Jacob Pedersen, head of stock analysis at Sydbank, a Danish investment bank. "But this does not necessarily convert into the worst legislation-scenario or the very negative earnings-scenario that the Vestas share reflects right now." Pedersen said that any change to the Inflation Reduction Act, President Joe Biden's signature policy that offers billions in subsidies for clean energy companies, would not lower revenues for Vestas as it has sufficient orders in the pipeline in the U.S. over the next two years. "Furthermore, is it likely that fear of changes in legislation can bring forward customers plans and bring new orders forward so Vestas can build an order pipeline through 2026 and into 2027 before we know more about Donald Trump's intentions for change of the IRA," Pedersen added in a note to clients on Nov. 5. "We maintain the Buy recommendation on Vestas." And he's not alone — the consensus price target of all analysts covering the stock points to an upside of more than 50%. CEO loads up One investor appearing to heed the analysts' call is the company's CEO. Vestas disclosed on Nov. 6 that chief executive Henrik Andersen had purchased 10,000 shares amounting to about $150,000 on the Nasdaq Copenhagen exchange. Vestas shares are also traded in the U.S. with the ticker VWDRY . Deutsche Bank's analysts John Kim and Gael de-Bray agree that the political sentiment in the United States is "not supportive" of Vestas' share price, but suggest that the market's overreaction may have priced in too much of the worst-case scenario. This could offer investors an opportunity, according to the analysts, as shares could rally if the situation is better than forecast. "We find limited downside from current levels but the shares may not perform short-term due to uncertainty," they added. In addition to the political headwinds, Vestas Wind Systems has also had to contend with the rising cost of materials and labor over the past few quarters. That's led to declining margin profits, adding pressure on the stock, which has fallen by more than 50% this year. However, analysts say that costs have stabilized, and the company's margins are turning around. Adjusting for this, Deutsche Bank lowered its price target on the stock to 150 Danish kroner ($21.56), which still implies a 40% upside from current levels.

### DATE: 
2024-11-11

### Summary: 
Shares of Vestas Wind Systems tanked on the news that Donald Trump had won the 2024 presidential election.
However, analysts at a number of investment banks have suggested that investors overreacted to fears of a downturn for the sector.
And he's not alone — the consensus price target of all analysts covering the stock points to an upside of more than 50%.
Vestas shares are also traded in the U.S. with the ticker VWDRY .
In addition to the political headwinds, Vestas Wind Systems has also had to contend with the rising cost of materials and labor over the past few quarters.

### Keywords: 
political
win
trumps
energy
wind
investors
price
dip
analysts
upside
major
vestas
pedersen
say
tanked
stock
shares
giving

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 265


### TITLE: 
Nomura names Japanese stocks that trade like bitcoin — and analysts give one over 80% upside

### TEXT: 
Investment bank Nomura has screened for Japanese stocks with "high bitcoin price sensitivity," following a surge in the cryptocurrency's price. The bank noted that "stocks of exchange operators plus semiconductor, IT, and nonferrous names track BTC but are currently lagging." It comes as analysts say bitcoin prices could hit $100,000 by the end of the year following President-elect Donald Trump's victory . Year-to-date, the price of bitcoin was up 72.8% to trade around $76,111 on Nov. 8. BTC.CM= YTD mountain Bitcoin Trump promised several pro-cryptocurrency initiatives as he campaigned for a second term as president. His "call for the loosening of regulations on crypto assets naturally has an influence on the price of bitcoin," Nomura's analysts noted. The bank said it conducted multiple regression analyses of stocks to identify which have a high bitcoin price sensitivity. It gave each stock a sensitivity of at least 0.1, with a higher number implying it is more sensitive to changes in the price of bitcoin. The stocks come from a range of sectors and "do not necessarily have any direct connection with bitcoin," the analysts explained, with some from "adjacent industries" such as semiconductors — which is seeing increased demand as a result of bitcoin mining — and IT. Here are 10 stocks from the investment bank's screen that stand out for having substantial upside potential, according to FactSet's consensus price targets: Top stocks Among the names on the bank's screen are semiconductor equipment manufacturers Micronics Japan and Towa Corporation . According to FactSet, analysts are mostly bullish on both companies. Those covering Micronics give it an average price target of 7,033.33 Japanese yen ($46.05) — indicating almost 83% upside potential. Analysts give Towa Corp an average target price of 3,466.67 Japanese yen, or 67.5% upside potential, according to FactSet. Elsewhere, investment management giant SoftBank Group also turned up on the screen given its focus on — and significant investment in — artificial intelligence. Sixteen of 20 analysts covering the stock give it a buy or overweight rating, according to FactSet, with an average target price of 11,931.20 Japanese yen, implying 29.4% upside potential. — CNBC's Michael Bloom contributed to this report.

### DATE: 
2024-11-11

### Summary: 
Investment bank Nomura has screened for Japanese stocks with "high bitcoin price sensitivity," following a surge in the cryptocurrency's price.
It comes as analysts say bitcoin prices could hit $100,000 by the end of the year following President-elect Donald Trump's victory .
The bank said it conducted multiple regression analyses of stocks to identify which have a high bitcoin price sensitivity.
Those covering Micronics give it an average price target of 7,033.33 Japanese yen ($46.05) — indicating almost 83% upside potential.
Analysts give Towa Corp an average target price of 3,466.67 Japanese yen, or 67.5% upside potential, according to FactSet.

### Keywords: 
trade
nomura
names
stocks
according
bitcoin
price
analysts
upside
investment
80
potential
japanese
yen

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 266


### TITLE: 
These stocks have major upside because of potential Trump policies, analysts say

### TEXT: 
Wall Street analysts are looking ahead to President-elect Donald Trump's return to the White House, and many stocks could be poised to benefit. CNBC Pro combed through the most recent Wall Street research to find companies analysts really like heading into 2025 based on potential Trump policies. They include General Motors, Ford Motor, Robinhood , Coinbase , GE Aerospace and Goldman Sachs. Ford and General Motors Bank of America said both automakers are best positioned in a Trump presidency. "We see F and GM as the main beneficiaries from the Trump administration," analyst John Murphy wrote. This is because there will be less pressure to shift the auto companies toward electric vehicles, he added. "On the other end, EV OEMs [original equipment manufacturers] may face slower demand due to less pressure to go electric and lower IRA incentives." Murphy said Mexico tariffs are a risk, but he urged investors to remain calm. Shares of Ford are down 10% in 2024, and General Motors is up close to 55% this year. Coinbase and Robinhood Needham analyst John Todaro sees both stocks as beneficiaries of a crypto renaissance under a Trump administration, although the firm currently has a neutral rating on Robinhood. "We expect the entire crypto sector to benefit from the Trump win, but the largest positive impact on COIN & HOOD," he wrote. Todaro said both companies may feel more compelled to usher in additional crypto products under a Trump presidency that may be more amenable to bitcoin uses. "In addition to Trump winning, the House and Senate (elected & re-elected) majority pro crypto candidates to make the most pro-crypto political landscape in US history," he added. Shares of Robinhood are up nearly 140% in 2024, while Coinbase is up more than 55% this year. GE Aerospace The aerospace company has pricing power, according to Deutsche Bank analyst Scott Deuschle, who says GE can benefit under a Trump administration. "In the event that some combination of increased fiscal spending, tax cuts, and tariffs were to drive persistency to the current above-trend rate of inflation, then we think companies in our coverage with the greatest pricing power would continue to stand out as relative winners," he wrote, including GE in that mix. Defense spending is also likely to rise under a GOP White House, making GE a standout, the analyst added. The company is a key engine supplier on U.S. military aircraft as well as internationally. "Additionally, we think GE could be among the largest beneficiaries of this potential trend within our aerospace coverage," Deuschle said. The stock is up more than 80% this year with more room to run, he wrote. Ford and GM – Bank of America, buy ratings "We see F and GM as the main beneficiaries from the Trump administration. The current environmental regime would pressure the core business of legacy OEMs (trucks) to decarbonize by the end of the decade while shifting quickly to an EV portfolio. … On the other end, EV OEMs may face slower demand due to less pressure to go electric and lower IRA incentives." Coinbase – Needham, buy rating; Robinhood – Needham, neutral rating "On the back of this, we expect HOOD in the medium term to launch more crypto products as well as COIN and would expect more favorable outcomes on the SEC cases. In addition to Trump winning, the House and Senate (elected & re-elected) majority pro crypto candidates to make the most pro-crypto political landscape in US history." GE Aerospace – Deutsche Bank, buy rating "In the event that some combination of increased fiscal spending, tax cuts, & tariffs were to drive persistency to the current above-trend rate of inflation, then we think companies in our coverage with the greatest pricing power would continue to stand out as relative winners. … Additionally, we think GE could be among the largest beneficiaries of this [defense spend] potential trend within our aerospace coverage..." Goldman Sachs – Wells Fargo, overweight rating "Capital markets momentum and the chance for a super cycle. More free markets imply that investment banking revenues have a chance at exceeding 2021 levels over the next few years. The idea of a capital markets super-cycle seems possible (albeit not a base case), esp. given the level of pent-up demand, dry powder, and likely more certainty in deals getting approved. GS should benefit." Read more about this call here.

### DATE: 
2024-11-09

### Summary: 
CNBC Pro combed through the most recent Wall Street research to find companies analysts really like heading into 2025 based on potential Trump policies.
They include General Motors, Ford Motor, Robinhood , Coinbase , GE Aerospace and Goldman Sachs.
"We see F and GM as the main beneficiaries from the Trump administration," analyst John Murphy wrote.
GE Aerospace The aerospace company has pricing power, according to Deutsche Bank analyst Scott Deuschle, who says GE can benefit under a Trump administration.
"Additionally, we think GE could be among the largest beneficiaries of this potential trend within our aerospace coverage," Deuschle said.

### Keywords: 
aerospace
stocks
policies
trump
crypto
beneficiaries
robinhood
rating
analysts
upside
major
wrote
think
potential
say
ge
companies

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 267


### TITLE: 
Here are Friday's biggest analyst calls: Nvidia, Apple, Home Depot, Domino's, Wingstop, Warby Parker, Rivian, Bank of America and more

### TEXT: 
Here are the biggest calls on Wall Street on Friday: William Blair upgrades Warby Parker to outperform from market perform The firm says it sees sales and comp acceleration following earnings. " Warby Parker reported modest upside to third-quarter sales, with an improved demand outlook, but delivered a wider unadjusted operating loss on pressured gross margin." Bernstein reiterates Apple as outperform Bernstein says it is sticking with the stock following a series of meetings with management. "Apple executives were bullish about Apple Intelligence and the company's ability to create the best AI experience for consumers, and underscored that the company had no plans to build frontier models, and that capital spending would not meaningfully inflect." Telsey upgrades Lowe's to outperform from market perform The firm says its comps should ease and is bullish ahead of earnings later this month. "Looking ahead, Lowe's should see easier comparisons to support better sales results, as post-pandemic demand trends have normalized and the consumer shift to services from goods completes—following a comp of (4.7%) in 2023 and comp guidance of (4.0%)-(3.5%) in 2024." Jefferies reiterates Nvidia and Marvell as buy The firm says the two chipmakers still have the most upside. "We see the most near-term upside at MRVL and NVDA, but do expect outperformance from AVGO later in 2025." Goldman Sachs downgrades Sweetgreen to neutral from buy Goldman Sachs downgraded Sweetgreen mainly on valuation. "Following YTD outperformance in SG (+273% vs. S & P 25%), we believe the shares are fairly valued at current levels, and as such, are downgrading the stock from Buy to Neutral." Goldman Sachs upgrades BioNTech to buy from neutral Goldman says it is bullish on the biotech company's oncology treatment BNT327. "We see the investment thesis in BNTX continuing to pivot - away from difficult to forecast COVID-19 vaccine market dynamics, and towards the potentially significant opportunity coming into view for BNT327, which if successfully developed has the potential in our view, to drive the company towards achievement of its goal of becoming a leading commercial player in oncology." Oppenheimer upgrades Money Lion to outperform from market perform The firm says the financial app is a beneficiary of lower interest rates. "3Q/FY24 results suggest MoneyLion is benefiting from the lower rate environment. Additional Fed rate cuts could stimulate continued strength in the Enterprise business and result in future earnings outperformance, we believe." JPMorgan adds a positive catalyst watch on Xpev The firm says the China electric vehicle company has a slew of positive catalysts ahead. "We placed XPeng on Positive Catalyst Watch on Oct 21 in anticipation of two key near-term events supporting stock performance or driving long-term fundamentals - 1) Annual Technology Day on Nov 6-7 and 2) improving (vehicle) margin and profitability at upcoming 3Q24 results on Nov 19 and positive guidance in 4Q24." Piper Sandler upgrades Upstart Holdings to overweight from neutral The firm says the consumer lending company is helped by lower interest rates. "We are upgrading UPST to OW and raising our PT to $85, as the company benefits from a more accommodative rate environment, improved lending dynamics and upgrades to its lending model. Importantly, 3Q performance was primarily driven by improvements in its lending model and also helped by the lower interest rates." Barclays downgrades Bath & Body Works to underweight from equal weight The firm says it sees too much margin pressure. "We downgrade shares of BBWI to Underweight from Equal Weight as we believe there is risk of ongoing sales and margin pressure in 2025 from a weakening U.S. macro, spending normalization in the broadly-defined U.S. "Beauty" segment, and inventory building." Citi upgrades Chewy to buy from neutral Citi says the pet food stock is at an inflection point. "We upgrade CHWY to Buy from Neutral with a new TP of $40 based on ~17x EV/FY26 EBITDA. In the near-term, we see a modest 3Q sales/EBITDA beat driven by steady demand and strong cost execution." Loop upgrades Domino's to buy from hold Loop says its checks show same-store sales growth acceleration. "We are upgrading the shares of DPZ to BUY after our latest Domino's U.S. franchisee checks indicate same-store sales growth accelerated recently after a slow start during early fiscal 4Q." KeyBanc upgrades Doximity to overweight from sector weight KeyBanc upgraded the medical professional networking site following earnings. "We are upgrading shares of DOCS to Overweight after a very healthy F2Q report and forward-looking outlook, which suggests to us momentum building into the years ahead." Deutsche Bank downgrades Expedia to hold from buy The firm downgraded the stock following earnings citing a "less compelling" valuation. " Expedia's 3Q results were generally mixed with Bookings and Adj. EBITDA marginally ahead, while revenue came in slightly below." UBS initiates Flutter as buy UBS said in its initiation of Flutter that it is bullish on the gambling company ahead of earnings next week. "We forecast group revenue growth of +24% YoY and see a +3% top line beat driven by strong performance across both the US and rest of world segments." Wells Fargo upgrades Molson Coors to overweight from underweight The firm double upgraded the stock and says it is "cash rich" with a "low valuation." "Upgrade TAP to OW from UW, target to $74 (was $54). It's time to move on from our cautious view, as we now want to chase a model where unique cash returns support EPS growth w/ little EBIT growth needed…at historically low P/E...with catalysts." Telsey upgrades Home Depot to outperform from market perform The firm says it is bullish ahead of earnings next week. "We are maintaining our 3Q24 and annual estimates, with continued softness for Home Depot's topline in the near term due to difficult comparisons and industry headwinds." Citi reiterates Airbnb as buy The firm says it is standing by the stock following earnings on Thursday. " Airbnb reported solid 3Q24 results whereby Gross Bookings of $20.1B (+10% Y/Y) and EBITDA of $2.0B (52.5% margin) came in ~1% and 5% above consensus, respectively." Citi upgrades Bank of America to buy from neutral Citi says the bank could be a beneficiary of lighter regulation. "We are raising our target to $54 (from $46) on revised expectations that BAC should trade at cost of equity more in-line with peers at ~9.5%." Bank of America downgrades Rivian to neutral from buy Bank of America said it sees regulatory risk under a Trump administration. "We downgrade RIVN from Buy to Neutral. The company is on-track to achieve a positive gross margin in 4Q:24 and remains one of the most viable among the startup EV automakers. However, while gross margin positive is an important milestone, it will be supported by regulatory credits that could be at risk under the Trump Administration." Bank of America upgrades International Flavors to buy from neutral The firm said the flavors and fragrance company has an attractive entry point. " IFF has beat earnings estimates all three quarters this year under its new CEO and is working to re-energize the R & D organization and product pipeline. We see end-market demand improving in 2025-26 after a couple of years of pressure." Bank of America upgrades Teledyne Technologies to buy from neutral The firm says it sees upside ahead for the industrial conglomerate. "Our prior thesis on TDY was driven by the persistent headwinds on the company's industrial short-cycle businesses. Now, we view TDY as reaching the low point in the cycle with potential upside ahead on the recovery." Goldman Sachs upgrades Wingstop to buy from neutral The firm says the wings restaurant has "best-in-class" growth. "We upgrade WING from Neutral to Buy with 22% upside to our new 12-month price target of $377."

### DATE: 
2024-11-08

### Summary: 
Jefferies reiterates Nvidia and Marvell as buy The firm says the two chipmakers still have the most upside.
Goldman Sachs upgrades BioNTech to buy from neutral Goldman says it is bullish on the biotech company's oncology treatment BNT327.
Citi upgrades Bank of America to buy from neutral Citi says the bank could be a beneficiary of lighter regulation.
Bank of America downgrades Rivian to neutral from buy Bank of America said it sees regulatory risk under a Trump administration.
Bank of America upgrades Teledyne Technologies to buy from neutral The firm says it sees upside ahead for the industrial conglomerate.

### Keywords: 
ahead
parker
margin
fridays
dominos
earnings
company
biggest
wingstop
calls
bank
depot
neutral
warby
nvidia
upgrades
rivian
firm
buy
stock

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 268


### TITLE: 
Citi upgrades Bank of America to buy, pointing to a lighter regulatory environment

### TEXT: 
Bank of America is primed to get a boost from multiple tailwinds, according to Citi. Analyst Keith Horowitz upgraded shares to buy from neutral. He also lifted his target price for the stock to $54 from $46, which implies upside of 21% from Thursday's close. BAC YTD mountain BAC YTD chart Horowitz pointed to an attractive valuation for Bank of America relative to peers such as JPMorgan Chase. "The valuation spread between BAC and JPM remains very outsized adjusted for returns, and assuming JPM is setting the table for where implied CoE for the group can go, we see very attractive risk/reward in BAC," he wrote. Less regulation under a new Trump administration could also bolster Bank of America shares. "On regulation, BAC is a low-risk firm and could benefit from lighter regulatory environment, and we expect room to run with a proposal re-write on B3 potentially driving returns above our 15% normalized assumption," the analyst added. Shares are up more than 32% year to date. They also rose 1% in the premarket following the upgrade. Analysts are generally bullish on the stock. Of the 24 who cover Bank of America, 17 have a buy or strong buy rating, LSEG data shows.

### DATE: 
2024-11-08

### Summary: 
Bank of America is primed to get a boost from multiple tailwinds, according to Citi.
BAC YTD mountain BAC YTD chart Horowitz pointed to an attractive valuation for Bank of America relative to peers such as JPMorgan Chase.
Less regulation under a new Trump administration could also bolster Bank of America shares.
"On regulation, BAC is a low-risk firm and could benefit from lighter regulatory environment, and we expect room to run with a proposal re-write on B3 potentially driving returns above our 15% normalized assumption," the analyst added.
Of the 24 who cover Bank of America, 17 have a buy or strong buy rating, LSEG data shows.

### Keywords: 
america
upgrades
environment
pointing
buy
bank
regulation
citi
bac
lighter
ytd
regulatory
stock
valuation
shares
returns

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 269


### TITLE: 
Telsey upgrades Home Depot, sees Fed rate cuts as a boost to shares

### TEXT: 
Home Depot could be a beneficiary of the Federal Reserve's latest rate-cutting cycle, according to Telsey Advisory Group. The investment firm upgraded shares of the home improvement retailer to outperform from market perform ahead of Home Depot's third-quarter earnings release Tuesday. Analyst Joseph Feldman also lifted his price target to $455 from $360, which implies upside of 14% from Thursday's close. "We have developed increased confidence in a return to solid sales and earnings growth in 2025 and beyond, with a number of recently heightened catalysts for the business," the analyst wrote. Feldman cited upcoming Fed rate cuts as a catalyst. Home Depot is one company that should benefit from an easing monetary cycle, since lower interest rates could boost increased consumer spending in home improvement going forward. The Fed has embarked on a new rate-cutting cycle as inflation pressures have eased. On Thursday, the Fed lowered rates by a quarter percentage point . Traders expect another quarter-point reduction in December . Home Depot can also benefit from hurricane recovery in the coming months following hurricanes Helene and Milton. This recovery could last through multiple quarters in 2025, according to Telsey. HD YTD mountain HD YTD chart Feldman added that Home Depot could also rise as easier comparisons support better sales results after post-pandemic demand trends have normalized. A significant opportunity has also risen for the company to grow its Pro business. "Taken together, we now project a return to outperformance relative to the S & P 500 over the next year, following underperformance dating back to our downgrade to Market Perform on August 8, 2023," Feldman wrote. Home Depot shares are up more than 15% year to date. Also on Friday, Feldman upgraded shares of fellow home improvement retailer Lowe's to outperform from market perform, with his $305 price target — up from $275 — representing upside potential of 15%. "We are maintaining our 3Q24 and annual estimates, with continued softness for Lowe's topline in the near term due to difficult comparisons and industry headwinds. However, we have developed increased confidence in a return to solid sales and earnings growth in 2025 and beyond, with a number of recently heightened catalysts for the business," he wrote. Shares of Lowe's have rallied 20% in 2024. LOW YTD mountain LOW YTD chart

### DATE: 
2024-11-08

### Summary: 
Home Depot could be a beneficiary of the Federal Reserve's latest rate-cutting cycle, according to Telsey Advisory Group.
The investment firm upgraded shares of the home improvement retailer to outperform from market perform ahead of Home Depot's third-quarter earnings release Tuesday.
Analyst Joseph Feldman also lifted his price target to $455 from $360, which implies upside of 14% from Thursday's close.
Feldman cited upcoming Fed rate cuts as a catalyst.
Home Depot shares are up more than 15% year to date.

### Keywords: 
perform
upgrades
feldman
return
sales
cuts
market
fed
lowes
depot
boost
rate
wrote
ytd
telsey
shares
sees

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 270

Error parsing article 270: Article `download()` failed with HTTPSConnectionPool(host='www.cnbc.com', port=443): Read timed out. (read timeout=7) on URL https://www.cnbc.com/2024/11/08/goldman-sachs-upgrades-biontech-to-buy-sees-stock-surging-more-than-25percent.html


Parsing Article 270

Error parsing article 270: Article `download()` failed with HTTPSConnectionPool(host='www.cnbc.com', port=443): Read timed out. (read timeout=7) on URL https://www.cnbc.com/2024/11/08/the-sectors-and-stocks-to-buy-in-asia-after-trumps-win-according-to-analysts.html


Parsing Article 270


### TITLE: 
The one solar stock to buy after Trump's win hit the sector, analysts say

### TEXT: 
First Solar has tumbled nearly 17% over the past month as the solar sector has broadly sold off in tandem with President-elect Donald Trump's rise, but some analysts see the dip as a buying opportunity. "As the dust settles, we think FSLR will emerge a winner," Michael Blum, an analyst at Wells Fargo, told clients in a Wednesday note. First Solar is the largest manufacturer of solar panels in the U.S. and is rated overweight at Wells Fargo. Republicans will probably seek to repeal some parts of the Inflation Reduction Act if they win both chambers of Congress, according to the Wall Street bank. But the domestic manufacturing tax credits that benefit First Solar are likely to survive because they support jobs in GOP congressional districts, according to the bank. Trump has also threatened stiff tariffs on China, which would benefit First Solar by reducing competition. Tailwinds from tariffs, however, would be offset by headwinds from IRA repeal if the GOP goes after the manufacturing tax credits. In the universe of publicly traded solar stocks, however, analysts view First Solar as best positioned to weather the storm. "We reiterate our Buy on FSLR due to its domestic manufacturing base," Dimple Gosai, a Bank of America analyst, told clients in a note on Wednesday. "In our view, higher tariffs on imported solar panels would diminish competition from Chinese manufacturers, pushing demand towards First Solar's U.S.-made products." Bank of America has a price target of $259 for First Solar, implying about 33% upside from Wednesday's close of $194.02 per share.

### DATE: 
2024-11-07

### Summary: 
First Solar is the largest manufacturer of solar panels in the U.S. and is rated overweight at Wells Fargo.
But the domestic manufacturing tax credits that benefit First Solar are likely to survive because they support jobs in GOP congressional districts, according to the bank.
Tailwinds from tariffs, however, would be offset by headwinds from IRA repeal if the GOP goes after the manufacturing tax credits.
In the universe of publicly traded solar stocks, however, analysts view First Solar as best positioned to weather the storm.
"In our view, higher tariffs on imported solar panels would diminish competition from Chinese manufacturers, pushing demand towards First Solar's U.S.-made products."

### Keywords: 
wells
bank
win
trumps
tariffs
panels
view
manufacturing
tax
repeal
analysts
told
solar
hit
say
buy
stock
sector

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 271


### TITLE: 
Here are Thursday's biggest analyst calls of the day: Nvidia, Tesla, Duolingo, Disney, Allstate, & more

### TEXT: 
Here are the biggest calls on Wall Street on Thursday: Barclays reiterates Qualcomm as overweight The firm says Qualcomm is a "best of smartphone breed" following the company's earnings report on Wednesday. "Better results and guide are indicative of a stronger Android high end and Auto/IoT [internet of things]." Bank of America downgrades Solaredge to underperform from neutral Bank of America says Solaredge is at risk of tariffs in a Trump administration. "Solar trackers could also face significant challenges on potentially softer demand from U.S. utility-scale solar developers, especially if tariffs and the loss of domestic content adders inflate project costs. Jefferies downgrades Palantir to underperform from hold Jefferies says the fundamentals are "unsustainable" right now. "We underestimated the momentum that PLTR was able to garner after the launch of Artificial Intelligence Platform (AIP) boot camps, and we underappreciated PLTR's ability to put up 4 quarters of accelerating growth (for both top-line revenue and RPO) on easy comps following 3 straight quarters of less-than-stellar results from 1Q23 to 3Q23." Bernstein downgrades Ford to market perform from outperform Bernstein called the automaker's earnings a "mixed bag." "We conclude that Ford will face significant pricing and FCF headwinds in 1H/25 and potential upside into 2H/25 or '26 depends on decisive management action." Morgan Stanley names Allstate a top pick Morgan Stanley says it sees new auto policy growth heading into next year. "Aggregating statutory disclosures, ad spending, and company data, we deduce that pricing will decelerate, but the competitive environment will still be relatively favorable, leading to efficient growth opportunities for Allstate in 2025." Wolfe reiterates Nvidia as outperform The firm says it's not worried about new restrictions on semiconductor companies with a Trump administration. "Direct restrictions on AI semis have already been in place for the last several years. Restrictions have ensured that NVDA and AMD AI accelerators shipped into China have roughly the same performance as what domestically available options can already provide." Loop downgrades Crocs to hold from buy Loop said in its downgrade of Crocs that it sees too many headwinds for the company's Hey Dude brand. "The company recently issued a Q4 outlook for slowing sales in both segments, and this is the second consecutive quarter with a disappointing sales outlook. These concerns are magnified by the problems Hey Dude is facing even as it laps easy comparisons." Barclays downgrades Coty to underweight from equal weight Barclays downgraded the beauty stock following earnings and says it sees "strategy creep." "Coty effectively lowered its medium-term algorithm last night, but notably, this significant change was not detailed in the press release. We have been concerned about strategy creep at Coty for some time, with the company altering the building blocks to reach its revenue goals at least twice in the past two years." Bank of America upgrades Schneider to buy from underperform Bank of America says the trucking company is a Trump beneficiary. "We raise our rating on Schneider National's shares (SNDR) to Buy from Underperform as we see favorable impacts post-U.S. election results (improved consumer confidence, rising domestic manufacturing, increasingly deregulatory environment, and a lower corp tax rate), leading to a more constructive truckload cycle upturn." Citi downgrades KeyCorp to neutral from buy Citi downgraded the regional bank stock mainly on valuation. "We highlighted KEY as a top beneficiary in our Election Initial Take and the stock outperformed the group trading up 15.7% on the back of optimism on regulatory environment, capital markets rebound, and fixed asset repricing." Morgan Stanley reiterates Apple as overweight The firm says it's sticking with Apple despite the threat of tariffs. "And while AAPL is thought of as the 'poster-child' for leveraging Chinese manufacturing, and thus most at risk if tariffs were to be instituted, they don't face the most significant EPS headwind in our coverage given they have a higher gross margin than peers, which limits the incremental tariff impact." Deutsche Bank reiterates Disney as buy The firm says it's bullish ahead of earnings next week. "Content and the Disney /Max bundle should help DTC subscriber growth in F4Q, followed by pricing and paid sharing beginning to yield benefits in F2025, while profitability continues to improve, albeit at a slower pace than F2024." Baird upgrades McKesson to outperform from neutral Baird upgraded the healthcare and medical supply company following earnings. "We had ample reasons to be concerned. MCK cleared up several of those concerns, removed a few major overhangs, both peers reported strong updates again, large-cap HC is relatively under-owned and relatively inexpensive, and there's no reason to say much more. MCK isn't perfect, but what is? Can't come up with strong argument why it shouldn't return toward recently higher multiples." Baird downgrades JPMorgan to neutral from outperform Baird said in its downgrade of the banking behemoth that it's time to "take profits." "We know, and we agree – JPM is best-in-class. It has scale, skill, and dominant market share across its various businesses, alongside a great management team. Despite that, we find the risk/ reward unattractive here and urge investors to take profits." UBS initiates Vulcan Materials as buy UBS says the materials company is a "beneficiary of an improving non-residential construction market "We initiate VMC with a Buy rating and $349 PT." JPMorgan upgrades Clearwater to overweight from neutral JPMorgan upgraded the software company following earnings. " CWAN noted record-high EBITDA margin of more than 33%; EBITDA to free cash flow conversion was once again driven by positive working capital changes and improved collections." Guggenheim downgrades Sunrun and Sunnova to neutral from buy Guggenheim downgraded several solar companies on Thursday and says it sees too many risks. "In assessing Tuesday's election outcome, we believe that investors need to reconsider the level of risk associated with investing in energy transition equities, particularly with respect to potential policy and trade outcomes. We are downgrading our investment ratings for Array Technologies, Sunrun and Sunnova from Buy to Neutral." Raymond James upgrades US Cellular to outperform from market perform Raymond James upgraded the cellular company due to a more favorable regulatory environment in a new White House. "We are upgrading TDS and USM both to Outperform, from Market Perform, following the results of the 2024 Presidential election, as we see significant upside in shares of both stocks given the ongoing strategic review and announced asset sales at USM, and now feel the regulatory path to approval is cleaner and timeline should be better." KeyBanc downgrades Five Below and Dollar Tree to sector weight from overweight The firm downgraded both stock due to China tariff concerns. "We downgrade DLTR and FIVE to Sector Weight based on acute China import exposure." Bank of America reiterates Tesla as buy The firm says the "US election [is] a vote of support for growth trajectory." "We reiterate our Buy rating on TSLA and raise our PO to $350 from $265 following the US election results." Seaport downgrades Duolingo to neutral from buy The firm downgraded the language App company mainly on valuation following earnings. "We lower our rating on DUOL to Neutral (from Buy) following 3Q24 results as we believe shares are fairly valued at current levels with shares at the high end of its valuation range at ~16x 2025 EV [enterprise value] /sales."

### DATE: 
2024-11-07

### Summary: 
Bank of America downgrades Solaredge to underperform from neutral Bank of America says Solaredge is at risk of tariffs in a Trump administration.
Barclays downgrades Coty to underweight from equal weight Barclays downgraded the beauty stock following earnings and says it sees "strategy creep."
Baird upgrades McKesson to outperform from neutral Baird upgraded the healthcare and medical supply company following earnings.
JPMorgan upgrades Clearwater to overweight from neutral JPMorgan upgraded the software company following earnings. "
Seaport downgrades Duolingo to neutral from buy The firm downgraded the language App company mainly on valuation following earnings.

### Keywords: 
downgrades
earnings
company
biggest
tesla
results
calls
bank
analyst
day
neutral
outperform
following
allstate
nvidia
duolingo
thursdays
firm
buy
disney

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 272


### TITLE: 
Raymond James upgrades these two telecom stocks as Trump election signals lower regulatory risk

### TEXT: 
Shares of U.S. Cellular and Telephone and Data Systems may be due for more gains following President-elect Donald Trump's victory, according to Raymond James. The investment bank upgraded both names to outperform from market perform. Its $86 price target for U.S. Cellular reflects 32% upside, while Telephone and Data Systems' target of $51 implies more than 56% upside, as of Wednesday's close. Analyst Ric Prentiss thinks Trump's win signals a weaker regulatory environment that could ultimately pave the way for T-Mobile's $4.4 billion acquisition of most of U.S. Cellular to go through . The deal is expected to close in the middle of next year. "We see significant upside in shares of both stocks given the ongoing strategic review and announced asset sales at USM, and now feel the regulatory path to approval is cleaner and timeline should be better," he wrote in a Thursday note. "We feel the valuation cushion is large enough in both stocks to account for these risks, and we are now less concerned about the negative catalyst of the TMUS deal not going through as currently proposed," he continued. Looking ahead, Prentiss sees U.S. Cellular in particular is headed toward becoming a stand-alone tower company, meaning it could trade at a "much higher" multiple in the future. TDS USM 6M mountain TDS vs. USM, six-months Both stocks have had a positive run this year, with shares of U.S. Cellular seeing gains of nearly 57% and Telephone and Data Systems advancing more than 77% year to date. The stocks have had an even bigger run in the past six months, surging around 83% and more than 111%, respectively.

### DATE: 
2024-11-07

### Summary: 
Shares of U.S. Cellular and Telephone and Data Systems may be due for more gains following President-elect Donald Trump's victory, according to Raymond James.
Its $86 price target for U.S. Cellular reflects 32% upside, while Telephone and Data Systems' target of $51 implies more than 56% upside, as of Wednesday's close.
Analyst Ric Prentiss thinks Trump's win signals a weaker regulatory environment that could ultimately pave the way for T-Mobile's $4.4 billion acquisition of most of U.S. Cellular to go through .
TDS USM 6M mountain TDS vs. USM, six-months Both stocks have had a positive run this year, with shares of U.S. Cellular seeing gains of nearly 57% and Telephone and Data Systems advancing more than 77% year to date.
The stocks have had an even bigger run in the past six months, surging around 83% and more than 111%, respectively.

### Keywords: 
lower
tds
telephone
data
james
systems
stocks
telecom
trump
upside
signals
usm
regulatory
shares
raymond
risk
cellular
upgrades
trumps

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 273


### TITLE: 
Baird downgrades JPMorgan Chase to sell, sees stock dropping nearly 20%

### TEXT: 
Investors should dump JPMorgan Chase shares, according to Baird. Analyst David George downgraded the stock to underperform from neutral. His $200 price target implies around 19% downside from Wednesday's close. George thinks the stock has a "poor" risk/reward profile. He believes JPMorgan is overearning on both net interest income and credit and finds the stock expensive at current trading levels. "We find that expectations are quite high, with the stock trading at ~2.6x [tangible book value], 15% cap to assets, over 14x 2026 [earnings per share] estimates, and ~10x [pre-provision net revenue] — all close or at all-time highs," he wrote in a Wednesday note to clients. "We know we are fighting the tape here, but believe it makes sense to sell the stock." JPM YTD mountain JPM, year-to-date George also noted that, even with a potentially more friendly regulatory environment under a second Trump administration, JPMorgan Chase may not grow its buyback program from here. "While a more bank-friendly regulatory environment should lead to a greater opportunity for outsized capital return in the near-term, we don't expect JPM to aggressively buy back its stock here," he continued. "At these prices, buybacks simply don't have the impact anyway to EPS and isn't a great use of capital at these levels in our view." George's call sets him apart from other analysts on the Street. LSEG data shows 15 of the 24 analysts covering the stock have a buy or strong buy rating.

### DATE: 
2024-11-07

### Summary: 
Analyst David George downgraded the stock to underperform from neutral.
He believes JPMorgan is overearning on both net interest income and credit and finds the stock expensive at current trading levels.
"We know we are fighting the tape here, but believe it makes sense to sell the stock."
JPM YTD mountain JPM, year-to-date George also noted that, even with a potentially more friendly regulatory environment under a second Trump administration, JPMorgan Chase may not grow its buyback program from here.
LSEG data shows 15 of the 24 analysts covering the stock have a buy or strong buy rating.

### Keywords: 
jpm
george
20
environment
trading
net
nearly
sell
levels
stock
regulatory
chase
dropping
baird
downgrades
buy
jpmorgan
sees

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 274


### TITLE: 
Beyond ASML: Goldman reveals its refreshed list of top European stocks — giving one 50% upside

### TEXT: 
Dutch tech behemoth ASML has been a favorite among investors in recent years, but Goldman Sachs has adopted a cautious stance on the stock and removed it from its conviction list of top picks. This follows a "weak earnings update" in the third quarter, the investment bank's analysts wrote in a Nov. 4 research note. ASML's net bookings for the third quarter were 2.6 billion euros ($2.79 billion), below the 5.6 billion euros penciled in by Wall Street analysts. Net sales, however, came in higher than expectations at 7.5 billion euros. ASML expects net sales for 2025 to come in at the lower of half of the 30 billion euros and 35 billion euros range it previously predicted. Against this backdrop, Goldman's analysts noted that "visibility on near-term earnings is lower post the 3Q update," for ASML. Besides ASML, Goldman also removed brewer Heineken and electronics giant Philips from its Europe conviction list for November, and refreshed it by adding Coca-Cola HBC (Hellenic Bottling Company) and JD Sports . The stocks are featured in the investment bank's "Conviction List - Directors' Cut," which it says offers a "curated and active" list of buy-rated stocks. They are selected by a subcommittee in each region which "collaborate with each sector analyst to identify top ideas that offer a combination of conviction, a differentiated view and high risk-adjusted returns," Goldman Sachs says. Coca-Cola HBC Goldman is betting on Coca-Cola HBC, also known as CCH, given its solid top-lines and strong margin uplift. "CCH's best-in-class execution and innovation pipeline led by Coca-Cola should drive volume growth and positive mix," the investment bank noted. CCH is a partner of Coca-Cola and bottles and sells its beverages. The company said its organic revenue was up 13.9% in the third quarter , exceeding the 10.8% penciled by analysts. It now expects organic revenue growth between 11% and 13%, compared with a previous forecast range of 8% to 12%, for the full-year 2024. Analyst Olivier Nicolai expects the company's full-year 2024 and full-year 2025 sales to exceed consensus by 2% and 1% respectively "driven by his bullish organic sales growth expectations on volume and positive price-mix." He is also expecting the CCH to have "continued positive earnings momentum." Shares of CCH are listed on the London Stock Exchange and as an American Depositary Receipt (ADR) in the U.S. under the CCHGY ticker. Its shares are up nearly 23.6% year-to-date. Goldman has a 12-month target price of £30 ($41.31) on the stock, implying a 12.6% potential upside. JD Sports Also on Goldman's list is British sneaker and sports fashion retailer JD Sports . The stock is now trading at a "depressed multiple" of 9.7 times price-to-earnings, but is "well-positioned for [a] sportswear recovery," the investment bank noted. The comments come as the "sportswear industry is emerging out of a challenging period, with inventory normalization largely done and high-frequency trackers pointing to retailer markdown activity back in-line with 2019 levels, following a period of elevated discounting" it wrote. This phenomenon — coupled with an improving product pipeline across brands — has pushed analyst Richard Edwards to an "above consensus view" on JD's LFL (like-for-like) sales growth. Edwards also expects space expansion and acquisitions to contribute to an average 10% sales growth from 2025 to 2027, above the consensus average of 7%. Shares of JD Sports are listed on the London Stock Exchange and as an ADR in the U.S. under the JDSPY ticker. Its shares are down nearly 24.2% year-to-date. Goldman has a 12-month target price of £1.90 on the stock, implying nearly 50% potential upside. — CNBC's Michael Bloom contributed to this report.

### DATE: 
2024-11-07

### Summary: 
ASML's net bookings for the third quarter were 2.6 billion euros ($2.79 billion), below the 5.6 billion euros penciled in by Wall Street analysts.
ASML expects net sales for 2025 to come in at the lower of half of the 30 billion euros and 35 billion euros range it previously predicted.
Coca-Cola HBC Goldman is betting on Coca-Cola HBC, also known as CCH, given its solid top-lines and strong margin uplift.
This phenomenon — coupled with an improving product pipeline across brands — has pushed analyst Richard Edwards to an "above consensus view" on JD's LFL (like-for-like) sales growth.
Edwards also expects space expansion and acquisitions to contribute to an average 10% sales growth from 2025 to 2027, above the consensus average of 7%.

### Keywords: 
shares
stocks
sales
goldman
cocacola
giving
50
reveals
growth
asml
billion
upside
jd
european
euros
stock
list
refreshed

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 275


### TITLE: 
These solar stocks may be hit the most under Trump because of reliance on IRA, Goldman says

### TEXT: 
Donald Trump 's decisive victory in the U.S. presidential election has spooked clean energy investors that the Inflation Reduction Act could be on the chopping block. Solar stocks sold off steeply Wednesday in response. Whether the IRA faces a serious threat will depend on whether Republicans secure both houses of Congress. The GOP has won the Senate, but it is still unclear which party will gain a majority in the House of Representatives. Trump's campaign platform says he will seek to terminate the "Socialist Green New Deal," a reference to the IRA. The law has facilitated a clean energy boom in the U.S. The three stocks that have the most exposure to the IRA are Array Technologies , First Solar and SolarEdge , according to a Wednesday note from Goldman Sachs. Array is forecast to receive $80 million in domestic manufacturing tax credits in 2026 or about 35% of the company's estimated non-GAAP earnings per share, according to Goldman. The company, which makes devices that allow solar panels to track, was down nearly 20% on Wednesday. First Solar is projected to book $2 billion in IRA tax credits in 2026 or 70% of its estimated non-GAAP earnings per share, according to Goldman. The solar panel manufacturer tumbled about 11% after Trump's victory. SolarEdge is expected to receive $164 million in IRA tax benefits in 2026 or about 84% of its estimated non-GAAP earnings per share. The company, which makes inverters for residential solar installations, fell about 20% on Wednesday.

### DATE: 
2024-11-06

### Summary: 
Trump's campaign platform says he will seek to terminate the "Socialist Green New Deal," a reference to the IRA.
The three stocks that have the most exposure to the IRA are Array Technologies , First Solar and SolarEdge , according to a Wednesday note from Goldman Sachs.
Array is forecast to receive $80 million in domestic manufacturing tax credits in 2026 or about 35% of the company's estimated non-GAAP earnings per share, according to Goldman.
First Solar is projected to book $2 billion in IRA tax credits in 2026 or 70% of its estimated non-GAAP earnings per share, according to Goldman.
SolarEdge is expected to receive $164 million in IRA tax benefits in 2026 or about 84% of its estimated non-GAAP earnings per share.

### Keywords: 
share
earnings
stocks
goldman
2026
according
trump
reliance
tax
estimated
solar
hit
ira
nongaap

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 276


### TITLE: 
Top analyst Mayo says Trump 'is regulatory game changer,' names one bank to benefit most

### TEXT: 
Donald Trump 's decisive victory to regain the White House could serve as a "regulatory game changer" for Wall Street banks, according to Wells Fargo. Equity analyst Mike Mayo wrote early on Wednesday that a second Trump administration could yield "more free markets, less harsh oversight," while also reducing regulatory risk. He views Trump's return to the White House as a tailwind to the banking sector in general, but also pointed to Goldman Sachs as a specific beneficiary due to a forecast uptick in deal activity. GS YTD mountain Goldman Sachs stock. Trump secured a second term by penetrating the so-called Blue Wall and winning Wisconsin and Pennsylvania. "More free markets imply that investment banking revenues have a chance at exceeding 2021 levels over the next few years," Mayo said. "The idea of a capital markets super-cycle seems possible (albeit not a base case), [especially] given the level of pent-up demand, dry powder, and likely more certainty in deals getting approved." Banking stocks were broadly higher in trading Wednesday. Shares of Goldman Sachs surged more than 12%, while peers Citigroup , Bank of America and Wells Fargo all gained more than 7% each. "The chance for more loan growth seems higher now that the election is behind and corporates are likely to have a more 'risk on' attitude," Mayo continued. "This is a key debate given that more loan growth can lead to more [net interest income], revenue, and EPS growth." The analyst also noted that Trump's plan for lowering the U.S. corporate tax rate could be a "wildcard" that also benefits the banking sector.

### DATE: 
2024-11-06

### Summary: 
Donald Trump 's decisive victory to regain the White House could serve as a "regulatory game changer" for Wall Street banks, according to Wells Fargo.
Equity analyst Mike Mayo wrote early on Wednesday that a second Trump administration could yield "more free markets, less harsh oversight," while also reducing regulatory risk.
GS YTD mountain Goldman Sachs stock.
"More free markets imply that investment banking revenues have a chance at exceeding 2021 levels over the next few years," Mayo said.
Shares of Goldman Sachs surged more than 12%, while peers Citigroup , Bank of America and Wells Fargo all gained more than 7% each.

### Keywords: 
mayo
names
changer
bank
goldman
sachs
trump
analyst
banking
growth
benefit
white
game
markets
regulatory
wall
wells

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 277


### TITLE: 
Here are Wednesday's biggest analyst calls: Nvidia, Apple, Tesla, Nike, Ferrari, Amazon, Instacart, Spotify & more

### TEXT: 
Here are Wednesday's biggest calls on Wall Street: Bernstein reiterates Apple as outperform The firm said Apple has some "downside" risk in a China tariff war but that it's sticking with its outperform rating on the stock. "We suspect China may be hesitant to impose tax or other penalties on consumer electronics, given such penalties would likely hurt both Chinese workers and consumers, in addition to the desired impact on foreign equity holders. However, there is a risk that China retaliates with incremental targeted taxes on certain companies." Goldman Sachs reiterates Nvidia as buy Goldman said the stock is best positioned ahead of earnings later this month. "With NVDA still trading well below its past 3-year median P/E multiple relative to our broader coverage universe, we believe the stock is set up well to sustain its outperformance." JPMorgan upgrades Yum China to overweight from neutral JPMorgan upgraded the China operator of brands like KFC following earnings. "As a result, we see sector-wide discounting level narrowing and market leaders further consolidating the industry. YUMC has achieved positive traffic growth with yoy margin improvement in 3Q24. This is rare in the retailing industry, and YUMC has proven its execution capability – cost saving and efficiency improvement, offsetting the drag from ASP cuts and sales deleverage." Bernstein initiates Insulet as outperform Bernstein said the insulin pump company is well positioned for upside. "We are initiating coverage of Insulet (PODD) with a TP of $300 (26% upside). Innovation is driving accelerated insulin pump market growth, PODD has a strong moat around the winning form factor, and the type 2 opportunity should drive significant upside to numbers." Wedbush reiterates Tesla as outperform The firm said the EV maker is a big winner of a Trump presidency. "The biggest positive from a Trump win would be for Tesla and Musk. We believe a Trump presidency would be an overall negative for the EV industry as likely the EV rebates/tax incentives get pulled, however for Tesla we see this as a huge positive." Jefferies initiates Ryman Hospitality as buy Jefferies said the real estate investment trust has a differentiated offering. "Our positive view on RHP is based on unique hospitality assets within the long-booking-window group market, with post-COVID recovery room and incremental asset growth likely." Raymond James upgrades Masimo to outperform from market perform The firm said the health technology story looks like a "cleaner business." "While fully acknowledging the strong recent move in the stock, estimates are expected to trend higher and the MASI story is much cleaner without Consumer, which makes it tougher for us to stay neutral." Citi reiterates GE Healthcare as buy The firm said the company remains a top pick and is bullish heading into analyst day in late November. " GEHC will host an Analyst Day on November 21, its first since the IPO: the last event was in December 2022, when as part of General Electric the goal was to educate investors about the company." Barclays initiates Tencent Music Entertainment as overweight Barclays said the China music company is best positioned. "The combination of a market with little competition, management's track record of adaption and execution, and new growth path ahead make TME one of the best positioned Chinese Internet companies in their respective fields." Deutsche Bank reiterates Spotify as buy Deutsche said it's bullish heading into the streaming company's earnings report on November 12. "Since the 2Q print, SPOT has outperformed the market, up 15% vs the S & P 500 at +4%. Gross Margins remain in focus as 3Q will have a near full-quarter impact from the US audiobook price increases, which we currently expect to drive ~80bps q/q premium GM expansion in 3Q, after seeing a 120bps q/q uplift in 2Q24." Deutsche Bank upgrades Celanese to buy from hold Deutsche said shares of the chemical supplier are attractive following an earnings selloff. "We are upgrading Celanese to Buy from Hold following the shares' 26% decline post its Q3 earnings release." Wells Fargo reiterates Nike and Burlington top ideas The firm named a slew of retail stocks that it says are the best way to play a tough macro. "Namely, BURL remains our Top Pick (best way to play off-price 'offense'), GAP (turnaround story working with cheap valuation),TPR (story set to inflect as visibility increases post CPRI outcome), NKE (culture is shifting, numbers reset, risk/reward compelling) and VSCO." Oppenheimer reiterates Instacart as outperform Oppenheimer said it's bullish heading into Instacart earnings next week. "Increasing target to $55 (was $48) and reiterating Outperform ahead of 3Q earnings (11/12), despite stock near all-time highs." JPMorgan downgrades Super Micro to underweight from neutral JPMorgan downgraded the stock following earnings citing too much regulatory uncertainty. "We are downgrading shares of Super Micro to Underweight even following a positive update shared by the company in relation to opinion of the Special Committee, led by the following risk factors that are leading us to expect more uncertainty around both the regulatory filings as well as business fundamentals..." TD Cowen downgrades Brown-Forman to hold from buy TD Cowen said it sees too many negative revisions for the alcohol and beverage company. "We downgrade BFB to Hold and reduce our PT to $48. We believe shares will be rangebound over the medium-term as trends for BFB and the category remain weak." Needham reiterates Amazon as buy Needham said it thinks the e-commerce giant should be valued as a Services company. "In 3Q24, we believe nearly 60% of AMZN's revs and 90% of its operating income (OI) came from Services. Therefore, we argue that AMZN should be valued as a Services company, not an eCommerce company." UBS reiterates Ferrari as buy UBS called the luxury vehicle company "one of the most attractive organic growth stories." "Q3 was widely expected to be the weakest quarter for Ferrari in 2024, primarily due to temporary headwinds, yet the company's performance was still ahead of many peers in Luxury as well as Autos sectors." Barclays initiates Vipshop as overweight Barclays said it's bullish on the China e-commerce company. " Vipshop's focused branded sales model differentiates it in the competitive Chinese ecommerce market." Mizuho adds Nvidia to its top ideas list in November The firm said it's sticking with the stock and sees more upside. "We see NVDA remaining the leader in the AI training and inference chips for Data Center applications (we estimate > 95% share), which we believe is growing at a 74% CAGR to > $400B by 2027E." Monness Crespi Hardt upgrades Snowflake to buy from hold The firm said Snowflake is well positioned for AI. "Unsurprising to us, the gen AI propaganda of 2023 has proven to be a revenue illusion for the software complex in 2024; however, we believe the industry, and Snowflake, will begin to derive incremental activity from this long-term secular trend over the next 12-18 months." Bank of America downgrades Five Below to underperform from neutral Bank of America said it sees "no clear path to a turnaround with tariffs looming." "We are downgrading FIVE to Underperform as we do not see a clear path to a turnaround in comps and expect continued margin deleverage on lower sales and incremental tariff costs."

### DATE: 
2024-11-06

### Summary: 
Goldman Sachs reiterates Nvidia as buy Goldman said the stock is best positioned ahead of earnings later this month.
JPMorgan upgrades Yum China to overweight from neutral JPMorgan upgraded the China operator of brands like KFC following earnings.
Wedbush reiterates Tesla as outperform The firm said the EV maker is a big winner of a Trump presidency.
Deutsche Bank reiterates Spotify as buy Deutsche said it's bullish heading into the streaming company's earnings report on November 12.
JPMorgan downgrades Super Micro to underweight from neutral JPMorgan downgraded the stock following earnings citing too much regulatory uncertainty.

### Keywords: 
ferrari
spotify
market
earnings
company
biggest
tesla
reiterates
calls
outperform
following
wednesdays
china
nvidia
nike
firm
instacart
apple
buy
stock

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 278


### TITLE: 
Interviews & Pro Exclusives

### TEXT: 


### DATE: 
2016-04-20

### Summary: 


### Keywords: 
pro
exclusives
interviews

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 279


### TITLE: 
Watch Monday's full episode of Fast Money — November 11, 2024

### TEXT: 
Share Share Article via Facebook Share Article via Twitter Share Article via LinkedIn Share Article via Email

Watch Monday's full episode of Fast Money — November 11, 2024

"Fast Money" is America's post-market show. Hosted by Melissa Lee and a roundtable of top traders, "Fast Money" breaks through the noise of the day, to bring you the actionable news that matters most to investors.

### DATE: 
2024-11-11

### Summary: 
Share Share Article via Facebook Share Article via Twitter Share Article via LinkedIn Share Article via EmailWatch Monday's full episode of Fast Money — November 11, 2024"Fast Money" is America's post-market show.
Hosted by Melissa Lee and a roundtable of top traders, "Fast Money" breaks through the noise of the day, to bring you the actionable news that matters most to investors.

### Keywords: 
share
article
2024
watch
twitter
noise
traders
episode
roundtable
money
mondays
11
postmarket
fast

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 280


### TITLE: 
Watch CNBC’s full interview with Bespoke's Paul Hickey and Envestnet's Dana D’Auria

### TEXT: 
Share Share Article via Facebook Share Article via Twitter Share Article via LinkedIn Share Article via Email

Watch CNBC’s full interview with Bespoke's Paul Hickey and Envestnet's Dana D’Auria

Paul Hickey, Bespoke co-founder and Dana D’Auria, Envestnet co-chief Investment Officer, join 'Closing Bell: Overtime' to discuss the market's reaction to the election results and earnings.

### DATE: 
2024-11-11

### Summary: 
Share Share Article via Facebook Share Article via Twitter Share Article via LinkedIn Share Article via EmailWatch CNBC’s full interview with Bespoke's Paul Hickey and Envestnet's Dana D’AuriaPaul Hickey, Bespoke co-founder and Dana D’Auria, Envestnet co-chief Investment Officer, join 'Closing Bell: Overtime' to discuss the market's reaction to the election results and earnings.

### Keywords: 
share
article
officer
dana
envestnets
watch
twitter
overtime
hickey
interview
paul
reaction
bespokes
dauria
cnbcs
results

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 281


### TITLE: 
Watch CNBC's full interview with Wedbush's Dan Ives

### TEXT: 
Share Share Article via Facebook Share Article via Twitter Share Article via LinkedIn Share Article via Email

### DATE: 
2024-11-11

### Summary: 
Share Share Article via Facebook Share Article via Twitter Share Article via LinkedIn Share Article via Email

### Keywords: 
share
article
email
watch
dan
twitter
interview
linkedin
cnbcs
wedbushs
facebook
ives

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 282

Error parsing article 282: Article `download()` failed with HTTPSConnectionPool(host='www.cnbc.com', port=443): Read timed out. (read timeout=7) on URL https://www.cnbc.com/video/2024/11/11/watch-cnbcs-full-interview-with-adam-parker-gabriela-santos-stephanie-guild.html


Parsing Article 282


### TITLE: 
Watch CNBC's full interview with Don Peebles, CEO and chairman of The Peebles Coporation

### TEXT: 
Share Share Article via Facebook Share Article via Twitter Share Article via LinkedIn Share Article via Email

Watch CNBC's full interview with Don Peebles, CEO and chairman of The Peebles Coporation

Don Peebles, The Peebles Corporation chairman and CEO, joins CNBC's 'Power Lunch' to discuss his expectations for the Trump administration, the impact to markets, and more.

### DATE: 
2024-11-11

### Summary: 
Share Share Article via Facebook Share Article via Twitter Share Article via LinkedIn Share Article via EmailWatch CNBC's full interview with Don Peebles, CEO and chairman of The Peebles CoporationDon Peebles, The Peebles Corporation chairman and CEO, joins CNBC's 'Power Lunch' to discuss his expectations for the Trump administration, the impact to markets, and more.

### Keywords: 
share
article
don
watch
twitter
trump
interview
chairman
power
coporation
ceo
markets
cnbcs
peebles

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 283

Error parsing article 283: Article `download()` failed with HTTPSConnectionPool(host='www.cnbc.com', port=443): Read timed out. (read timeout=7) on URL https://www.cnbc.com/video/2024/11/11/watch-cnbcs-full-interview-with-blue-owl-co-ceo-marc-lipschultz.html


Parsing Article 283


### TITLE: 
Watch CNBC’s full interview with the ‘Squawk on the Street’ crew

### TEXT: 
Share Share Article via Facebook Share Article via Twitter Share Article via LinkedIn Share Article via Email

### DATE: 
2024-11-11

### Summary: 
Share Share Article via Facebook Share Article via Twitter Share Article via LinkedIn Share Article via Email

### Keywords: 
share
article
squawk
email
watch
twitter
interview
street
linkedin
cnbcs
facebook
crew

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 284


### TITLE: 
Watch CNBC's full interview with Lazard CEO Peter Orszag

### TEXT: 
Share Share Article via Facebook Share Article via Twitter Share Article via LinkedIn Share Article via Email

Watch CNBC's full interview with Lazard CEO Peter Orszag

Lazard CEO Peter Orszag joins 'Squawk Box' to discuss President-elect Trump's election victory, impact on the markets and the economy, state of M&A, regulatory outlook, rooting out government waste, the Fed's independence, and more.

### DATE: 
2024-11-11

### Summary: 
Share Share Article via Facebook Share Article via Twitter Share Article via LinkedIn Share Article via EmailWatch CNBC's full interview with Lazard CEO Peter OrszagLazard CEO Peter Orszag joins 'Squawk Box' to discuss President-elect Trump's election victory, impact on the markets and the economy, state of M&A, regulatory outlook, rooting out government waste, the Fed's independence, and more.

### Keywords: 
share
article
lazard
victory
squawk
trumps
watch
twitter
interview
ceo
waste
state
cnbcs
peter
orszag

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 285


### TITLE: 
The Wrap-Up for Monday November 11

### TEXT: 
Share Share Article via Facebook Share Article via Twitter Share Article via LinkedIn Share Article via Email

The Wrap-Up for Monday November 11

The top headlines that could drive today's trading.

### DATE: 
2024-11-11

### Summary: 
Share Share Article via Facebook Share Article via Twitter Share Article via LinkedIn Share Article via EmailThe Wrap-Up for Monday November 11The top headlines that could drive today's trading.

### Keywords: 
share
article
emailthe
wrapup
twitter
headlines
linkedin
todays
11
trading
facebook

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 286


### TITLE: 
Watch CNBC's full interview with Wharton's Jeremy Siegel

### TEXT: 
Share Share Article via Facebook Share Article via Twitter Share Article via LinkedIn Share Article via Email

Watch CNBC's full interview with Wharton's Jeremy Siegel

Jeremy Siegel, professor emeritus of finance at University of Pennsylvania’s Wharton School of Business and Wisdom Tree chief economist, joins 'Squawk Box' to discuss President-elect Trump's election victory, impact on markets and the economy, the Fed's independence, and more.

### DATE: 
2024-11-11

### Summary: 
Share Share Article via Facebook Share Article via Twitter Share Article via LinkedIn Share Article via EmailWatch CNBC's full interview with Wharton's Jeremy SiegelJeremy Siegel, professor emeritus of finance at University of Pennsylvania’s Wharton School of Business and Wisdom Tree chief economist, joins 'Squawk Box' to discuss President-elect Trump's election victory, impact on markets and the economy, the Fed's independence, and more.

### Keywords: 
share
siegel
article
victory
university
tree
trumps
watch
wisdom
twitter
jeremy
interview
cnbcs
whartons
wharton

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 287


### TITLE: 
Watch CNBC's full interview with Sunnova CEO John Berger

### TEXT: 
Share Share Article via Facebook Share Article via Twitter Share Article via LinkedIn Share Article via Email

Watch CNBC's full interview with Sunnova CEO John Berger

John Berger, Sunnova CEO, joins 'Closing Bell Overtime' to talk the impact of the upcoming Trump administration on solar energy.

### DATE: 
2024-11-08

### Summary: 
Share Share Article via Facebook Share Article via Twitter Share Article via LinkedIn Share Article via EmailWatch CNBC's full interview with Sunnova CEO John BergerJohn Berger, Sunnova CEO, joins 'Closing Bell Overtime' to talk the impact of the upcoming Trump administration on solar energy.

### Keywords: 
share
article
sunnova
berger
watch
twitter
overtime
trump
interview
talk
ceo
solar
cnbcs
john
upcoming

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 288


### TITLE: 
Watch CNBC's full interview with Cameron Dawson, Keith Lerner, & Sandra Cho

### TEXT: 
Share Share Article via Facebook Share Article via Twitter Share Article via LinkedIn Share Article via Email

Watch CNBC's full interview with Cameron Dawson, Keith Lerner, & Sandra Cho

Keith Lerner, Truist Wealth co-CIO and chief market strategist; Cameron Dawson, NewEdge Wealth CIO; and Sandra Cho, PointWealth Capital Management founder and president, join CNBC's 'Closing Bell' to discuss market expectations.

### DATE: 
2024-11-08

### Summary: 
Share Share Article via Facebook Share Article via Twitter Share Article via LinkedIn Share Article via EmailWatch CNBC's full interview with Cameron Dawson, Keith Lerner, & Sandra ChoKeith Lerner, Truist Wealth co-CIO and chief market strategist; Cameron Dawson, NewEdge Wealth CIO; and Sandra Cho, PointWealth Capital Management founder and president, join CNBC's 'Closing Bell' to discuss market expectations.

### Keywords: 
share
article
wealth
cho
dawson
keith
market
watch
twitter
interview
sandra
lerner
cameron
cnbcs

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 289


### TITLE: 
Watch CNBC's full interview with Mark Luschini and Ron Insana

### TEXT: 
Share Share Article via Facebook Share Article via Twitter Share Article via LinkedIn Share Article via Email

Watch CNBC's full interview with Mark Luschini and Ron Insana

Mark Luschini, Janney Montgomery Scott chief investment strategist, and Ron Isana, iFi AI CEO, join CNBC's 'Power Lunch' to discuss expectations for how a Trump administration may impact markets, whether markets will react any differently than they did in 2016, and more.

### DATE: 
2024-11-08

### Summary: 
Share Share Article via Facebook Share Article via Twitter Share Article via LinkedIn Share Article via EmailWatch CNBC's full interview with Mark Luschini and Ron InsanaMark Luschini, Janney Montgomery Scott chief investment strategist, and Ron Isana, iFi AI CEO, join CNBC's 'Power Lunch' to discuss expectations for how a Trump administration may impact markets, whether markets will react any differently than they did in 2016, and more.

### Keywords: 
share
article
scott
luschini
ron
watch
mark
twitter
trump
interview
strategist
insana
markets
cnbcs

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 290

Error parsing article 290: Article `download()` failed with HTTPSConnectionPool(host='www.cnbc.com', port=443): Read timed out. (read timeout=7) on URL https://www.cnbc.com/video/2024/11/08/watch-cnbcs-full-interview-with-bca-researchs-marko-papic.html


Parsing Article 290


### TITLE: 
Watch CNBC's full interview with Palo Alto Networks CEO Nikesh Arora

### TEXT: 
Share Share Article via Facebook Share Article via Twitter Share Article via LinkedIn Share Article via Email

Watch CNBC's full interview with Palo Alto Networks CEO Nikesh Arora

Nikesh Arora, Palo Alto Networks CEO, joins 'Money Movers' to discuss how Trump's reelection will impact the cybersecurity industry, which kinds of investment is coming, and much more.

### DATE: 
2024-11-08

### Summary: 
Share Share Article via Facebook Share Article via Twitter Share Article via LinkedIn Share Article via EmailWatch CNBC's full interview with Palo Alto Networks CEO Nikesh AroraNikesh Arora, Palo Alto Networks CEO, joins 'Money Movers' to discuss how Trump's reelection will impact the cybersecurity industry, which kinds of investment is coming, and much more.

### Keywords: 
share
article
arora
trumps
watch
palo
twitter
alto
interview
ceo
reelection
cnbcs
networks
nikesh

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 291


### TITLE: 
Watch CNBC's full interview with Citigroup CEO Jane Fraser

### TEXT: 
Share Share Article via Facebook Share Article via Twitter Share Article via LinkedIn Share Article via Email

Watch CNBC's full interview with Citigroup CEO Jane Fraser

Jane Fraser, Citigroup CEO, joins 'Squawk on the Street' to discuss Citi's recent stock performance, the outlook for Citi's business, and much, much more.

### DATE: 
2024-11-08

### Summary: 
Share Share Article via Facebook Share Article via Twitter Share Article via LinkedIn Share Article via EmailWatch CNBC's full interview with Citigroup CEO Jane FraserJane Fraser, Citigroup CEO, joins 'Squawk on the Street' to discuss Citi's recent stock performance, the outlook for Citi's business, and much, much more.

### Keywords: 
share
citis
article
squawk
recent
jane
watch
twitter
interview
ceo
street
fraser
cnbcs
stock
citigroup

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 292


### TITLE: 
Watch CNBC’s full interview with the ‘Squawk on the Street’ crew

### TEXT: 
Share Share Article via Facebook Share Article via Twitter Share Article via LinkedIn Share Article via Email

Watch CNBC’s full interview with the ‘Squawk on the Street’ crew

CNBC’s Carl Quintanilla, Jim Cramer and David Faber discuss the news of the day.

### DATE: 
2024-11-08

### Summary: 
Share Share Article via Facebook Share Article via Twitter Share Article via LinkedIn Share Article via EmailWatch CNBC’s full interview with the ‘Squawk on the Street’ crewCNBC’s Carl Quintanilla, Jim Cramer and David Faber discuss the news of the day.

### Keywords: 
share
article
squawk
watch
twitter
jim
interview
street
linkedin
quintanilla
cnbcs
facebook
crew

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 293


### TITLE: 
Top Stories for Friday November 8th

### TEXT: 
Share Share Article via Facebook Share Article via Twitter Share Article via LinkedIn Share Article via Email

Top Stories for Friday November 8th

The key headlines that could drive trading today.

### DATE: 
2024-11-08

### Summary: 
Share Share Article via Facebook Share Article via Twitter Share Article via LinkedIn Share Article via EmailTop Stories for Friday November 8thThe key headlines that could drive trading today.

### Keywords: 
share
8th
article
key
twitter
headlines
linkedin
today
emailtop
trading
facebook

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 294


### TITLE: 
Watch CNBC's full interview with DoubleLine Capital CEO Jeffrey Gundlach

### TEXT: 
Share Share Article via Facebook Share Article via Twitter Share Article via LinkedIn Share Article via Email

Watch CNBC's full interview with DoubleLine Capital CEO Jeffrey Gundlach

Jeffrey Gundlach, DoubleLine Capital CEO and CIO, joins CNBC's 'Closing Bell' to discuss his reaction to the Federal Reserve's decision to cut rates by a quarter point.

### DATE: 
2024-11-07

### Summary: 
Share Share Article via Facebook Share Article via Twitter Share Article via LinkedIn Share Article via EmailWatch CNBC's full interview with DoubleLine Capital CEO Jeffrey GundlachJeffrey Gundlach, DoubleLine Capital CEO and CIO, joins CNBC's 'Closing Bell' to discuss his reaction to the Federal Reserve's decision to cut rates by a quarter point.

### Keywords: 
share
article
watch
twitter
reserves
interview
rates
doubleline
reaction
ceo
gundlach
cnbcs
jeffrey
capital

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 295

Error parsing article 295: Article `download()` failed with HTTPSConnectionPool(host='www.cnbc.com', port=443): Read timed out. (read timeout=7) on URL https://www.cnbc.com/video/2024/11/07/watch-cnbcs-full-interview-with-upwork-ceo-hayden-brown.html


Parsing Article 295


### TITLE: 
Watch Monday's full episode of the Halftime Report — November 11, 2024

### TEXT: 
Share Share Article via Facebook Share Article via Twitter Share Article via LinkedIn Share Article via Email

Watch Monday's full episode of the Halftime Report — November 11, 2024

"Fast Money Halftime Report" is on the front lines of CNBC's market coverage. Host CNBC's Scott Wapner and the Street's top investors get to the heart of the action as it's happening and help set the agenda for the rest of the day. Watch today's full episode on CNBC PRO.

### DATE: 
2024-11-11

### Summary: 
Share Share Article via Facebook Share Article via Twitter Share Article via LinkedIn Share Article via EmailWatch Monday's full episode of the Halftime Report — November 11, 2024"Fast Money Halftime Report" is on the front lines of CNBC's market coverage.
Host CNBC's Scott Wapner and the Street's top investors get to the heart of the action as it's happening and help set the agenda for the rest of the day.
Watch today's full episode on CNBC PRO.

### Keywords: 
share
article
wapner
2024
halftime
watch
twitter
episode
todays
11
cnbcs
mondays
report

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 296


### TITLE: 
Watch Friday's full episode of Mad Money with Jim Cramer — November 8, 2024

### TEXT: 
Share Share Article via Facebook Share Article via Twitter Share Article via LinkedIn Share Article via Email

Watch Friday's full episode of Mad Money with Jim Cramer — November 8, 2024

"Mad Money" host and former hedge fund manager, Jim Cramer, provides stock traders with all manner of investing advice.

### DATE: 
2024-11-08

### Summary: 
Share Share Article via Facebook Share Article via Twitter Share Article via LinkedIn Share Article via EmailWatch Friday's full episode of Mad Money with Jim Cramer — November 8, 2024"Mad Money" host and former hedge fund manager, Jim Cramer, provides stock traders with all manner of investing advice.

### Keywords: 
share
article
2024
watch
jim
twitter
traders
cramer
episode
manner
mad
provides
fridays
stock
money

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 297


### TITLE: 
Watch Friday's full episode of Fast Money — November 8, 2024

### TEXT: 
Share Share Article via Facebook Share Article via Twitter Share Article via LinkedIn Share Article via Email

Watch Friday's full episode of Fast Money — November 8, 2024

"Fast Money" is America's post-market show. Hosted by Melissa Lee and a roundtable of top traders, "Fast Money" breaks through the noise of the day, to bring you the actionable news that matters most to investors.

### DATE: 
2024-11-08

### Summary: 
Share Share Article via Facebook Share Article via Twitter Share Article via LinkedIn Share Article via EmailWatch Friday's full episode of Fast Money — November 8, 2024"Fast Money" is America's post-market show.
Hosted by Melissa Lee and a roundtable of top traders, "Fast Money" breaks through the noise of the day, to bring you the actionable news that matters most to investors.

### Keywords: 
share
article
2024
melissa
watch
twitter
noise
traders
episode
roundtable
money
fridays
postmarket
fast

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 298


### TITLE: 
Watch Friday's full episode of the Halftime Report — November 8, 2024

### TEXT: 
Share Share Article via Facebook Share Article via Twitter Share Article via LinkedIn Share Article via Email

Watch Friday's full episode of the Halftime Report — November 8, 2024

"Fast Money Halftime Report" is on the front lines of CNBC's market coverage. Host CNBC's Scott Wapner and the Street's top investors get to the heart of the action as it's happening and help set the agenda for the rest of the day. Watch today's full episode on CNBC PRO.

### DATE: 
2024-11-08

### Summary: 
Share Share Article via Facebook Share Article via Twitter Share Article via LinkedIn Share Article via EmailWatch Friday's full episode of the Halftime Report — November 8, 2024"Fast Money Halftime Report" is on the front lines of CNBC's market coverage.
Host CNBC's Scott Wapner and the Street's top investors get to the heart of the action as it's happening and help set the agenda for the rest of the day.
Watch today's full episode on CNBC PRO.

### Keywords: 
share
article
wapner
2024
halftime
watch
twitter
episode
todays
cnbcs
fridays
report

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 299


### TITLE: 
Watch Thursday's full episode of Mad Money with Jim Cramer — November 7, 2024

### TEXT: 
Share Share Article via Facebook Share Article via Twitter Share Article via LinkedIn Share Article via Email

Watch Thursday's full episode of Mad Money with Jim Cramer — November 7, 2024

"Mad Money" host and former hedge fund manager, Jim Cramer, provides stock traders with all manner of investing advice.

### DATE: 
2024-11-07

### Summary: 
Share Share Article via Facebook Share Article via Twitter Share Article via LinkedIn Share Article via EmailWatch Thursday's full episode of Mad Money with Jim Cramer — November 7, 2024"Mad Money" host and former hedge fund manager, Jim Cramer, provides stock traders with all manner of investing advice.

### Keywords: 
share
article
2024
watch
jim
twitter
traders
cramer
episode
mad
provides
thursdays
stock
money

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 300


### TITLE: 
Watch Thursday's full episode of Fast Money — November 17, 2024

### TEXT: 
Share Share Article via Facebook Share Article via Twitter Share Article via LinkedIn Share Article via Email

Watch Thursday's full episode of Fast Money — November 17, 2024

"Fast Money" is America's post-market show. Hosted by Melissa Lee and a roundtable of top traders, "Fast Money" breaks through the noise of the day, to bring you the actionable news that matters most to investors.

### DATE: 
2024-11-07

### Summary: 
Share Share Article via Facebook Share Article via Twitter Share Article via LinkedIn Share Article via EmailWatch Thursday's full episode of Fast Money — November 17, 2024"Fast Money" is America's post-market show.
Hosted by Melissa Lee and a roundtable of top traders, "Fast Money" breaks through the noise of the day, to bring you the actionable news that matters most to investors.

### Keywords: 
share
article
2024
watch
twitter
noise
traders
episode
roundtable
17
money
thursdays
postmarket
fast

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 301


### TITLE: 
Watch Thursday's full episode of the Halftime Report — November 7, 2024

### TEXT: 
Share Share Article via Facebook Share Article via Twitter Share Article via LinkedIn Share Article via Email

Watch Thursday's full episode of the Halftime Report — November 7, 2024

"Fast Money Halftime Report" is on the front lines of CNBC's market coverage. Host CNBC's Scott Wapner and the Street's top investors get to the heart of the action as it's happening and help set the agenda for the rest of the day. Watch today's full episode on CNBC PRO.

### DATE: 
2024-11-07

### Summary: 
Share Share Article via Facebook Share Article via Twitter Share Article via LinkedIn Share Article via EmailWatch Thursday's full episode of the Halftime Report — November 7, 2024"Fast Money Halftime Report" is on the front lines of CNBC's market coverage.
Host CNBC's Scott Wapner and the Street's top investors get to the heart of the action as it's happening and help set the agenda for the rest of the day.
Watch today's full episode on CNBC PRO.

### Keywords: 
share
article
wapner
2024
halftime
watch
twitter
episode
todays
cnbcs
report
thursdays

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 302


### TITLE: 
Watch Wednesday's full episode of Mad Money with Jim Cramer — November 6, 2024

### TEXT: 
Share Share Article via Facebook Share Article via Twitter Share Article via LinkedIn Share Article via Email

Watch Wednesday's full episode of Mad Money with Jim Cramer — November 6, 2024

"Mad Money" host and former hedge fund manager, Jim Cramer, provides stock traders with all manner of investing advice.

### DATE: 
2024-11-06

### Summary: 
Share Share Article via Facebook Share Article via Twitter Share Article via LinkedIn Share Article via EmailWatch Wednesday's full episode of Mad Money with Jim Cramer — November 6, 2024"Mad Money" host and former hedge fund manager, Jim Cramer, provides stock traders with all manner of investing advice.

### Keywords: 
share
article
2024
watch
jim
twitter
traders
cramer
episode
stock
mad
provides
wednesdays
money

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 303


### TITLE: 
Watch Wednesday's full episode of Fast Money — November 6, 2024

### TEXT: 
Share Share Article via Facebook Share Article via Twitter Share Article via LinkedIn Share Article via Email

Watch Wednesday's full episode of Fast Money — November 6, 2024

"Fast Money" is America's post-market show. Hosted by Melissa Lee and a roundtable of top traders, "Fast Money" breaks through the noise of the day, to bring you the actionable news that matters most to investors.

### DATE: 
2024-11-06

### Summary: 
Share Share Article via Facebook Share Article via Twitter Share Article via LinkedIn Share Article via EmailWatch Wednesday's full episode of Fast Money — November 6, 2024"Fast Money" is America's post-market show.
Hosted by Melissa Lee and a roundtable of top traders, "Fast Money" breaks through the noise of the day, to bring you the actionable news that matters most to investors.

### Keywords: 
share
article
2024
watch
twitter
noise
traders
episode
roundtable
money
wednesdays
postmarket
fast

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 304


### TITLE: 
Watch Wednesday's full episode of the Halftime Report — November 6, 2024

### TEXT: 
Share Share Article via Facebook Share Article via Twitter Share Article via LinkedIn Share Article via Email

Watch Wednesday's full episode of the Halftime Report — November 6, 2024

"Fast Money Halftime Report" is on the front lines of CNBC's market coverage. Host CNBC's Scott Wapner and the Street's top investors get to the heart of the action as it's happening and help set the agenda for the rest of the day. Watch today's full episode on CNBC PRO.

### DATE: 
2024-11-06

### Summary: 
Share Share Article via Facebook Share Article via Twitter Share Article via LinkedIn Share Article via EmailWatch Wednesday's full episode of the Halftime Report — November 6, 2024"Fast Money Halftime Report" is on the front lines of CNBC's market coverage.
Host CNBC's Scott Wapner and the Street's top investors get to the heart of the action as it's happening and help set the agenda for the rest of the day.
Watch today's full episode on CNBC PRO.

### Keywords: 
share
article
wapner
2024
halftime
watch
twitter
episode
cnbcs
report
wednesdays

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 305


### TITLE: 
Watch Tuesday's full episode of Mad Money with Jim Cramer — November 5, 2024

### TEXT: 
Share Share Article via Facebook Share Article via Twitter Share Article via LinkedIn Share Article via Email

Watch Tuesday's full episode of Mad Money with Jim Cramer — November 5, 2024

"Mad Money" host and former hedge fund manager, Jim Cramer, provides stock traders with all manner of investing advice.

### DATE: 
2024-11-05

### Summary: 
Share Share Article via Facebook Share Article via Twitter Share Article via LinkedIn Share Article via EmailWatch Tuesday's full episode of Mad Money with Jim Cramer — November 5, 2024"Mad Money" host and former hedge fund manager, Jim Cramer, provides stock traders with all manner of investing advice.

### Keywords: 
share
article
2024
watch
jim
twitter
traders
cramer
tuesdays
episode
mad
provides
stock
money

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 306


### TITLE: 
Watch Tuesday's full episode of Fast Money — November 5, 2024

### TEXT: 
Share Share Article via Facebook Share Article via Twitter Share Article via LinkedIn Share Article via Email

Watch Tuesday's full episode of Fast Money — November 5, 2024

"Fast Money" is America's post-market show. Hosted by Melissa Lee and a roundtable of top traders, "Fast Money" breaks through the noise of the day, to bring you the actionable news that matters most to investors.

### DATE: 
2024-11-05

### Summary: 
Share Share Article via Facebook Share Article via Twitter Share Article via LinkedIn Share Article via EmailWatch Tuesday's full episode of Fast Money — November 5, 2024"Fast Money" is America's post-market show.
Hosted by Melissa Lee and a roundtable of top traders, "Fast Money" breaks through the noise of the day, to bring you the actionable news that matters most to investors.

### Keywords: 
share
article
2024
watch
twitter
noise
traders
tuesdays
episode
roundtable
money
postmarket
fast

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 307


### TITLE: 
Watch Tuesday's full episode of the Halftime Report — November 5, 2024

### TEXT: 
Share Share Article via Facebook Share Article via Twitter Share Article via LinkedIn Share Article via Email

Watch Tuesday's full episode of the Halftime Report — November 5, 2024

"Fast Money Halftime Report" is on the front lines of CNBC's market coverage. Host CNBC's Scott Wapner and the Street's top investors get to the heart of the action as it's happening and help set the agenda for the rest of the day. Watch today's full episode on CNBC PRO.

### DATE: 
2024-11-05

### Summary: 
Share Share Article via Facebook Share Article via Twitter Share Article via LinkedIn Share Article via EmailWatch Tuesday's full episode of the Halftime Report — November 5, 2024"Fast Money Halftime Report" is on the front lines of CNBC's market coverage.
Host CNBC's Scott Wapner and the Street's top investors get to the heart of the action as it's happening and help set the agenda for the rest of the day.
Watch today's full episode on CNBC PRO.

### Keywords: 
share
article
wapner
2024
halftime
watch
twitter
tuesdays
episode
cnbcs
report

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 308


### TITLE: 
Watch Monday's full episode of Mad Money with Jim Cramer — November 4, 2024

### TEXT: 
Share Share Article via Facebook Share Article via Twitter Share Article via LinkedIn Share Article via Email

Watch Monday's full episode of Mad Money with Jim Cramer — November 4, 2024

"Mad Money" host and former hedge fund manager, Jim Cramer, provides stock traders with all manner of investing advice.

### DATE: 
2024-11-04

### Summary: 
Share Share Article via Facebook Share Article via Twitter Share Article via LinkedIn Share Article via EmailWatch Monday's full episode of Mad Money with Jim Cramer — November 4, 2024"Mad Money" host and former hedge fund manager, Jim Cramer, provides stock traders with all manner of investing advice.

### Keywords: 
share
article
2024
watch
jim
twitter
traders
cramer
episode
mad
provides
mondays
stock
money

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 309


### TITLE: 
Watch Monday's full episode of Fast Money — November 4, 2024

### TEXT: 
Share Share Article via Facebook Share Article via Twitter Share Article via LinkedIn Share Article via Email

Watch Monday's full episode of Fast Money — November 4, 2024

"Fast Money" is America's post-market show. Hosted by Melissa Lee and a roundtable of top traders, "Fast Money" breaks through the noise of the day, to bring you the actionable news that matters most to investors.

### DATE: 
2024-11-04

### Summary: 
Share Share Article via Facebook Share Article via Twitter Share Article via LinkedIn Share Article via EmailWatch Monday's full episode of Fast Money — November 4, 2024"Fast Money" is America's post-market show.
Hosted by Melissa Lee and a roundtable of top traders, "Fast Money" breaks through the noise of the day, to bring you the actionable news that matters most to investors.

### Keywords: 
share
article
2024
watch
twitter
noise
traders
episode
roundtable
money
mondays
postmarket
fast

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 310


### TITLE: 
Watch Monday's full episode of the Halftime Report — November 4, 2024

### TEXT: 
Share Share Article via Facebook Share Article via Twitter Share Article via LinkedIn Share Article via Email

Watch Monday's full episode of the Halftime Report — November 4, 2024

"Fast Money Halftime Report" is on the front lines of CNBC's market coverage. Host CNBC's Scott Wapner and the Street's top investors get to the heart of the action as it's happening and help set the agenda for the rest of the day. Watch today's full episode on CNBC PRO.

### DATE: 
2024-11-04

### Summary: 
Share Share Article via Facebook Share Article via Twitter Share Article via LinkedIn Share Article via EmailWatch Monday's full episode of the Halftime Report — November 4, 2024"Fast Money Halftime Report" is on the front lines of CNBC's market coverage.
Host CNBC's Scott Wapner and the Street's top investors get to the heart of the action as it's happening and help set the agenda for the rest of the day.
Watch today's full episode on CNBC PRO.

### Keywords: 
share
article
wapner
2024
halftime
watch
twitter
episode
todays
cnbcs
mondays
report

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 311


### TITLE: 
Watch Tuesday's full episode of the Halftime Report — October 29, 2024

### TEXT: 
Share Share Article via Facebook Share Article via Twitter Share Article via LinkedIn Share Article via Email

Watch Tuesday's full episode of the Halftime Report — October 29, 2024

"Fast Money Halftime Report" is on the front lines of CNBC's market coverage. Host CNBC's Scott Wapner and the Street's top investors get to the heart of the action as it's happening and help set the agenda for the rest of the day. Watch today's full episode on CNBC PRO.

### DATE: 
2024-11-04

### Summary: 
Share Share Article via Facebook Share Article via Twitter Share Article via LinkedIn Share Article via EmailWatch Tuesday's full episode of the Halftime Report — October 29, 2024"Fast Money Halftime Report" is on the front lines of CNBC's market coverage.
Host CNBC's Scott Wapner and the Street's top investors get to the heart of the action as it's happening and help set the agenda for the rest of the day.
Watch today's full episode on CNBC PRO.

### Keywords: 
share
article
wapner
2024
halftime
watch
twitter
tuesdays
episode
29
cnbcs
report

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 312


### TITLE: 
Watch Friday's full episode of Mad Money with Jim Cramer — November 1, 2024

### TEXT: 
Share Share Article via Facebook Share Article via Twitter Share Article via LinkedIn Share Article via Email

Watch Friday's full episode of Mad Money with Jim Cramer — November 1, 2024

"Mad Money" host and former hedge fund manager, Jim Cramer, provides stock traders with all manner of investing advice.

### DATE: 
2024-11-01

### Summary: 
Share Share Article via Facebook Share Article via Twitter Share Article via LinkedIn Share Article via EmailWatch Friday's full episode of Mad Money with Jim Cramer — November 1, 2024"Mad Money" host and former hedge fund manager, Jim Cramer, provides stock traders with all manner of investing advice.

### Keywords: 
share
article
2024
watch
jim
twitter
traders
cramer
episode
manner
mad
provides
fridays
stock
money

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 313


### TITLE: 
Watch Friday's full episode of Fast Money — November 1, 2024

### TEXT: 
Share Share Article via Facebook Share Article via Twitter Share Article via LinkedIn Share Article via Email

Watch Friday's full episode of Fast Money — November 1, 2024

"Fast Money" is America's post-market show. Hosted by Melissa Lee and a roundtable of top traders, "Fast Money" breaks through the noise of the day, to bring you the actionable news that matters most to investors.

### DATE: 
2024-11-01

### Summary: 
Share Share Article via Facebook Share Article via Twitter Share Article via LinkedIn Share Article via EmailWatch Friday's full episode of Fast Money — November 1, 2024"Fast Money" is America's post-market show.
Hosted by Melissa Lee and a roundtable of top traders, "Fast Money" breaks through the noise of the day, to bring you the actionable news that matters most to investors.

### Keywords: 
share
article
2024
melissa
watch
twitter
noise
traders
episode
roundtable
money
fridays
postmarket
fast

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 314


### TITLE: 
Goldman says buy these stocks that are set to benefit most from Trump tax cuts

### TEXT: 
As Wall Street gears up for President-elect Donald Trump's return to the White House, one subset of stocks stands to potentially benefit the most from his plan to cut corporate tax rates, according to Goldman Sachs. Trump's victory reduces the political uncertainty hanging over stocks and serves as a near-term catalyst to help drive equities broadly higher, analysts led by Goldman chief U.S. equity strategist David Kostin wrote in a research report on Wednesday. Some of that move came the day after Tuesday's election, when the Dow Jones Industrial Average soared 3.6%, the S & P 500 surged 2.5% and the Nasdaq Composite jumped nearly 3%, all of them the largest post-Election Day moves in history. "Along with the resolution of election uncertainty, resilient recent economic growth data and continued Fed rate cuts support the healthy near-term outlook for U.S. stocks," Kostin wrote. Overall, Kostin forecasts the S & P 500 could end the year at 6,015 if the broad market index follows the historical pattern of returning 4% between Election Day in November and year-end. The fate of the U.S. House of Representatives remains to be seen, however, and is key to whether Trump enters the White House with unified government fully in Republican hands, or faces a divided Congress. While several races for House seats remain too close to call, the chamber is leaning toward the GOP, which already wrested control of the Senate on Tuesday. A unified Republican government that swiftly passes Trump's proposed corporate tax cuts could boost Goldman's earnings per share growth forecast for S & P 500 companies by four percentage points, Kostin said. Trump favors slashing the corporate tax rate to 15% from 21%. Goldman forecasts earnings per share growth of 11% in 2025 and 7% in 2026. Previously enacted Trump tax cuts are set to expire at the end of 2025 unless Congress extends them or approves new legislation. To find a group of beneficiaries from lower corporate tax rates, Goldman screened for stocks that have seen the highest median corporate tax rate over the past 10 years. Companies on the list pay median corporate tax rates higher than the S & P 500 median of 21%. Here is a look at some of the stocks that turned up on Goldman's screen. Disney made the cut. Shares of the entertainment and theme park company have advanced more than about 10% in 2024, lagging the broader market. DIS YTD mountain Disney stock. CEO Bob Iger's media company also has one of the highest 10-year median corporate tax rates found by Goldman, at 29%. Roughly 72% of analysts polled by FactSet carry either a buy or outperform rating on Disney, and their consensus price targets imply 11% upside for the stock over the coming year. Hilton Worldwide Holdings also turned up on Goldman's screen. Shares of the hotel and resort operator have advanced more than 35% in 2024, beating the wider market. Hilton has also paid a 10-year median corporate tax rate of 29%. HLT YTD mountain Hilton Worldwide Holdings stock. Hilton's third-quarter earnings topped Wall Street estimates on the top and bottom lines last month, although its full-year earnings outlook fell short of forecasts from analysts polled by FactSet. Other names on the Goldman list include Delta Airlines and American Express.

### DATE: 
2024-11-07

### Summary: 
Trump favors slashing the corporate tax rate to 15% from 21%.
To find a group of beneficiaries from lower corporate tax rates, Goldman screened for stocks that have seen the highest median corporate tax rate over the past 10 years.
Companies on the list pay median corporate tax rates higher than the S & P 500 median of 21%.
CEO Bob Iger's media company also has one of the highest 10-year median corporate tax rates found by Goldman, at 29%.
Hilton has also paid a 10-year median corporate tax rate of 29%.

### Keywords: 
set
stocks
cuts
goldman
s
trump
rates
tax
benefit
p
corporate
rate
kostin
median
buy

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 315


### TITLE: 
The four best bank stocks to own amid the Trump trade, according to top analyst Graseck

### TEXT: 
A Donald Trump presidency and Republican-controlled Senate could boost big banks, according to Morgan Stanley analyst Betsy Graseck. To Graseck's point, financials jumped more than 6% on Wednesday — the sector's best day since November 2020 — following Trump's win. Financials were also the top-performing sector on the day as expectations of a deregulatory push and more mergers and acquisitions under Trump buoyed investor sentiment on the sector. The "U.S. Election points to higher probability of [a] bull case across our coverage as [a] Republican Administration brings with it a stable to lighter regulatory framework," Graseck wrote in a Thursday note. While the race for the House of Representatives has not yet been called, House Republicans are optimistic they can maintain a slim majority. If they manage to preserve their control of the House, it would result in a full Republican sweep of the executive and legislative branch, which "would be an additional accelerant to activity levels," per Graseck. The analyst highlighted four big banks investors should look toward: Citigroup, Goldman Sachs , Wells Fargo and Bank of America . Graseck holds an overweight rating on all four stocks. The acceleration in capital markets should benefit all the big banks, and Goldman Sachs is set to benefit the most, she noted. Bank of America is also expected to see gains from an uptick in activity. Goldman is up more than 12% week to date. Meanwhile, Citigroup is most exposed to tailwinds from higher excess capital levels as a Republican-led government is unlikely to raise current capital requirements. Graseck cited Citigroup's ability to buy back stock below tangible book value per share. Citigroup shares have popped 7% this week. Furthermore, "With the Trump win, our expectation is that the Fed may sit on the Basel 3 Endgame proposal, meaning that current capital rules remain untouched," Graseck said. She estimates this will result in an $86 billion jump in current excess capital for the big banks in the firm's coverage. Wells Fargo, which has gained 8% this week, will benefit from the removal of the asset cap, she said.

### DATE: 
2024-11-07

### Summary: 
A Donald Trump presidency and Republican-controlled Senate could boost big banks, according to Morgan Stanley analyst Betsy Graseck.
The analyst highlighted four big banks investors should look toward: Citigroup, Goldman Sachs , Wells Fargo and Bank of America .
The acceleration in capital markets should benefit all the big banks, and Goldman Sachs is set to benefit the most, she noted.
Meanwhile, Citigroup is most exposed to tailwinds from higher excess capital levels as a Republican-led government is unlikely to raise current capital requirements.
She estimates this will result in an $86 billion jump in current excess capital for the big banks in the firm's coverage.

### Keywords: 
trade
best
stocks
bank
house
amid
goldman
according
trump
analyst
big
banks
current
week
graseck
capital
citigroup

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 316


### TITLE: 
Here were the top Trump trades recommended by Wall Street heading into election

### TEXT: 
Votes for the U.S. presidential election are being counted , and the early indications point to a victory for former President Donald Trump. As of around 10 p.m. ET, Trump led Vice President Kamala Harris 201-91 in the electoral college. To be sure, there are still many key races in battleground states that are too early to call or too close to call, per NBC News. Stock futures rallied , however, with those tied to the Dow Jones Industrial Average gaining more than 500 points. Bitcoin, an asset tied to a Trump victory given the candidates courtship of the industry, soared to a record $75,000 . Heading into the election, investors and analysts pointed to several stocks and sectors that could benefit from a Trump win. Here's a roundup of some of those: Steel stocks If Trump regains the presidency, JPMorgan expects steel stocks to outperform . "A Trump 2.0 scenario would likely bring increased use of tariffs on Chinese and European imports among others, with the first 100 days focusing on Executive authority related to energy and deregulation along with the phased introduction of tariffs," JPMorgan analyst Bill Peterson wrote in a note from earlier this month. "Steels … in particular should rally on a Trump victory assuming greater protectionism would be bullish for U.S. steel pricing, which is already the most attractive globally due to S232 tariffs and largely domestic footprints," he added. "We also see further tariffs benefiting downstream aluminum players." Related stocks that could outperform under a Trump victory include Nucor , Cleveland-Cliffs , Kaiser Aluminum and MP Materials , according to Peterson. Financials Bank of America named a Trump presidency under a split government as the best-case scenario for bank stocks. The firm cited expectations of less regulatory oversight under a Trump administration and the potential for more mergers and acquisitions across the sector. The lower probability of tax hikes under Trump would have also been more beneficial for financials, per Bank of America. Financial stocks also dominated UBS's Trump victory stock basket . UBS highlighted more relaxed capital regulation and said investment banks would specifically outperform from more mergers and acquisitions. Among the Swiss-based investment firm's top bank picks for a Trump win were Goldman Sachs , Citigroup and Citizens Financial . Meanwhile, Strategas highlighted Lazard as a stock that could outperform in the mergers and acquisitions space . Wolfe Research added in a Tuesday note that "under a Trump win and either GOP controlled Congress or split Congress, we expect the Fins sector to be the biggest sectoral winner by far." Personality trades Investors have used shares of Trump Media & Technology as a possible proxy for Trump's chances of retaking the presidency. Supporters of Trump have also used the stock as a way to invest in a Trump victory. Shares of Trump Media, the parent company of Trump's social media platform, have soared 94% this year. However, the stock has struggled in recent weeks as Vice President Kamala Harris gained momentum with voters heading into the election. Shares of Trump Media climbed as much as 15% during Election Day, but ultimately ended Tuesday 1.2% lower after being halted during the session for volatility. The stock's volume reached around 147 million shares on Tuesday, much higher than the stock's 30-day average of 52.1 million. Other stocks linked to Trump include mobile software and blockchain company Phunware , which created Trump's campaign app, and Rumble , a video platform focused on conservatives. Tesla is another potential beneficiary due to Tesla CEO Elon Musk's close relationship with Trump, according to Evercore ISI. Cryptocurrencies A Trump presidency could potentially boost cryptocurrency-linked assets , since the former president has indicated his support for the industry. More favorable regulations could continue to boost digital currencies like bitcoin to new all-time heights . Trump may also expedite approval for cryptocurrency ETFs, which is viewed as a boost for the industry. More broadly, Trump has said he would turn the U.S. into the "crypto capital of the planet and the Bitcoin superpower of the world." BTC.CM= 1Y mountain Bitcoin year to date. "Trump has taken a firm pro-crypto stance during his 2024 campaign, underpinned by his promise to 'make Bitcoin great again,'" Deutsche Bank analyst Marion Laboure wrote in a research note on Monday. In the days leading up to the election, bitcoin prices jumped to a fresh seven-month high as speculation over a potential Trump win grew. "The markets will take their cue based on who wins the White House. Trump is widely seen as pro-crypto although irrespective of who wins, bitcoin is still primed for a pump," said Nic Puckrin, CEO and co-founder of crypto education site Coin Bureau. Dollar The dollar will be critical for investors to follow as election results roll in. Investors widely expect the greenback to become stronger if Trump regains the presidency due to his protectionist policies such as tariffs. "In times of stress we go to the dollar, at least temporarily, especially if it's global stress and even if it's U.S.-led stress," said Jefferies chief market strategist David Zerzos on CNBC's "Money Movers" Tuesday morning. "That will be the most liquid and the most transparent messaging to what we are getting markets to do, because that's where people can put money to work fast." Investors have especially bet on the dollar-China trade as a proxy trade for a Trump win, Zerzos added. On the other hand, UBS believes that a higher dollar would be short lived. "Although the U.S. dollar could strengthen in the near term in the event of a Trump victory, we anticipate medium-term dollar depreciation regardless of the winner and suggest that investors consider using periods of strength to diversify dollar exposure toward other G10 currencies," Solita Marcelli, chief investment officer of the Americas at UBS's wealth management division, wrote in a note Monday. "Fundamentally we believe a combination of the dollar's overvaluation, a shrinking yield advantage over other currencies, and the U.S.'s significant twin fiscal and current account deficits is likely to weigh on the currency regardless of the victor," she added. Military & defense stocks Strategas believes that a Trump victory could benefit military and defense stocks such as Axon Enterprise , which provides law enforcement technologies. Trump has stressed his focus on immigration enforcement, making his concerns over undocumented immigrants and the U.S. Southern border a key issue of his campaign. Recently, Trump reiterated his pledge to "launch the largest deportation operation in the history of our country." To be sure, "the geopolitical climate supports defense spending, regardless of the outcome," JPMorgan analyst Seth Seifman said in a client note on Monday. Small caps Trump's willingness to ease up on regulation and cut companies' tax rates could give a boost to small-cap stocks. Investors have increasingly used the group to speculate on Trump's odds of winning. The iShares Russell 2000 ETF (IWM) rallied in late June, following the debate between Trump and President Joe Biden. IWM YTD mountain iShares Russell 2000 ETF (IWM) year to date A Trump victory would also be "the biggest catalyst for sustained outperformance for small caps," Wolfe Research said in a note on Nov. 1. Trump's domestic-focused agenda and push for deregulation across industries would boost the confidence of small businesses, according to the firm. More mergers and acquisitions would also lift the small-cap universe higher, Wolfe Research added. Oil and Gas Energy stocks — particularly oil and gas producers — were also highlighted as beneficiaries of a second Trump presidency by Evercore ISI. More deregulation and Trump's push toward fossil fuel production would benefit oil giants such as Exxon Mobil and Halliburton , according to the firm. Specifically, the firm said that Halliburton could benefit from "unleashing" its domestic energy capacity as the U.S.'s leading pressure pumping firm. Exxon's strategy could receive a boost from capital flow towards more traditional energy sources. U.S.-only retailers Companies that source the largest share of their goods from outside the U.S. could be damaged by Trump's proposed trade tariffs. Throughout his campaign, Trump has made clear his plans to enact universal tariffs as a key economic policy tool should he win office again. These would include a 20% levy on all imported goods and a 60% tariff on products made in China. ULTA YTD mountain Ulta Beauty shares year to date. On the flip side, U.S.-only retailers such as Ulta Beauty could receive a boost under these policies, according to Evercore ISI. "Trump will be positive for US-only retailers (which have higher tax rates vs retailers with int'l exposure)," the firm said. "ULTA has no sourcing from China, and operates in one of the most resilient discretionary categories." — CNBC's Michael Bloom, Sean Conlon, Alex Harring, Fred Imbert and Pia Singh contributed to this report.

### DATE: 
2024-11-05

### Summary: 
Bitcoin, an asset tied to a Trump victory given the candidates courtship of the industry, soared to a record $75,000 .
Heading into the election, investors and analysts pointed to several stocks and sectors that could benefit from a Trump win.
Here's a roundup of some of those: Steel stocks If Trump regains the presidency, JPMorgan expects steel stocks to outperform .
Related stocks that could outperform under a Trump victory include Nucor , Cleveland-Cliffs , Kaiser Aluminum and MP Materials , according to Peterson.
Supporters of Trump have also used the stock as a way to invest in a Trump victory.

### Keywords: 
trades
recommended
victory
stocks
dollar
trumps
election
trump
investors
bitcoin
street
boost
firm
heading
tariffs
wall

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 317


### TITLE: 
JPMorgan highlights stocks with the least amount of sensitivity to U.S. election

### TEXT: 
As investors await the results of a tightly contested U.S. presidential election, JPMorgan is eyeing a collection of stocks that is less dependent on the outcome. Voters in the U.S. cast their ballots Tuesday, and the result could send ripples through markets given the different policy stances from both presidential candidates. Against that backdrop, the bank compiled a list of stocks with little exposure to election themes. In other words, they are unlikely to see sharp swings — in either direction — based on who wins the vote. Here is a look at some of the stocks on JPMorgan's list: Expedia made the list. Shares of the online booking company have ticked up about 9% in 2024. Last month, Expedia confirmed it engaged in talks with Uber over a potential acquisition by the ride-sharing company . EXPE YTD mountain Expedia stock. The discussions were in the very early stages and it remains to be seen if a deal will come to fruition. Expedia Chairman and Senior Executive Barry Diller threw cold water on a potential deal on Monday. Starbucks also made the cut. The stock is up just 1% year to date but has soared 31% over the past three months, as investors cheer the appointment of Brian Niccol as CEO. During last week's earnings call, Starbucks shared more details on its turnaround plan . This includes redesigning the layout of several locations as well as streamlining its mobile order process. SBUX YTD mountain Starbucks stock. Another stock that made the list is Disney . Disney shares have lagged this year, advancing just 6% as the company deals with headwinds to its cable business while it builds up its direct-to-consumer division. Other names on the list include Hilton Worldwide and Paycom .

### DATE: 
2024-11-05

### Summary: 
As investors await the results of a tightly contested U.S. presidential election, JPMorgan is eyeing a collection of stocks that is less dependent on the outcome.
Against that backdrop, the bank compiled a list of stocks with little exposure to election themes.
Here is a look at some of the stocks on JPMorgan's list: Expedia made the list.
EXPE YTD mountain Expedia stock.
SBUX YTD mountain Starbucks stock.

### Keywords: 
shares
stocks
starbucks
sensitivity
company
presidential
expedia
stock
potential
ytd
jpmorgan
list
election
highlights

-------------------------------------------------



Parsing Article 318


### TITLE: 
How tech stocks could fare under a Harris or Trump administration

### TEXT: 
Who wins the presidential election and which party overtakes Congress could have some major implications for markets, but the outlook for tech stocks may not be as clear as investors hope. For months, analysts have weighed the prospect of higher corporate taxes if Vice President Kamala Harris were to win the election. They have also considered the impact of potential tariffs proposed by former President Donald Trump. "Investors are faced with a choice," Roger McNamee, founder of Elevation Partners said Monday on CNBC's " Squawk on the Street ." "On the one hand, you have Harris — who represents a continuation of the economic policies that [helped] create the strongest economic growth of any developed country since the pandemic, but has also combined that with much more rigorous antitrust enforcement," he said. "Contrast that with Trump, who is offering a very different vision." .IXIC YTD mountain Tech-heavy Nasdaq performance this year Megacap technology companies have soared to new heights in recent months as investors amp up bets on the artificial intelligence trade. However, those gains have come with some hurdles, including a summer sell-off as sentiment dampened over the payoff from AI. Antitrust and regulatory concerns Investors have kept a close eye on difficulties tech giants are facing as they grow and stoke regulators' concerns around antitrust issues. For instance, in August a judge ruled that Google has a monopoly in internet search. The Justice Department indicated in October that a possible breakup of the company could be an antitrust remedy. Some on Wall Street view a Harris win as a potential obstacle for antitrust and megacap technology stocks. "Regulatory scrutiny will probably help a lot of M & A activity under Trump — Harris, it'll be a little more of the status quo," said Jay Woods, chief global strategist at Freedom Capital Markets. "We already have a roadmap with her, and in this campaign she hasn't really done much to say, 'I'm going to change anything drastically.'" According to McNamee, heightened antitrust scrutiny could "unlock a lot of value for investors that currently is stuck inside these companies." Chip stocks and tariffs Wall Street is also eyeing the semiconductor industry, a critical sector that could be affected by the outcome of the election. Bank of America analyst Vivek Arya notes that the PHLX Semiconductor Sector Index has outperformed the S & P 500 on average by 51% and 38% under a Democrat and Republican president, respectively. Trump has already hinted at potential tariffs on the industry. He also called out Taiwan in particular, accusing the country of stealing America's chip industry during a recent interview with Joe Rogan. .SOX YTD mountain Semiconductor index year to date Analysts view this as one of the biggest potential risks for the sector that could hit popular names operating in the PC, server and memory chip markets, Arya said. This could include companies such as Advanced Micro Devices , Qualcomm , Nvidia , and Broadcom . Trump has floated a rate of up to 20% on imports across the board and a 60% tariff on imports from China. "In the case of a full-blown tariff installment, we expect IT hardware vendors to eat up some of the increased costs, but still increase the price of their products considerably (0-60%?), a potential headwind to overall units," Arya wrote. Under a Harris administration, the impact to semiconductors could come in the form of higher corporate tax rates. So far, Trump has hinted at tax cuts for certain companies , while Harris has proposed boost the rate to 28% from today's level of 21%. Nvidia, Texas Instruments , Intel and Qualcomm are among the lower-tax rate beneficiaries at risk if Harris were to boost the rate. If Harris were to win, "For semis, there would likely be ongoing federal support and incentives for domestic production, while maintaining export controls and investment screening for Chinese firms," wrote Ed Mills, managing director and Washington policy analyst at Raymond James. Share buybacks Beyond semiconductors, Bank of America's Brad Sills also noted a potentially higher tax rate on share repurchases under Harris could heighten tax liabilities for big buyback names such as Microsoft , Oracle and Salesforce . The Harris camp is proposing a hike to 4% from 1%. BTC.CM= YTD mountain Bitcoin year-to-date performance For artificial intelligence, Raymond James' Mills thinks a Harris administration could lead to more focus on AI safety, ethics and consumer safeguards. Meanwhile, a Trump victory could culminate in limited oversight and a "potential rollback" of reporting requirements, he said. Wedbush Securities analyst Dan Ives views Trump's proposed tariffs and harsher view on China as a hurdle for supply chains. This could "slow the pace of the AI revolution," he said in a recent post to X that also called a Harris win "more bullish" for the industry. Some investors also view Tesla as a likely winner under a Trump administration, given CEO Elon Musk's close ties to the former president. Investors have already come to view it as a proxy for a Trump win, with shares up 28% over the last three months, and that could continue, said Freedom Capital's Woods. Trump's supportive approach to cryptocurrencies could boost prices and benefit names such as Robinhood and Coinbase , noted Wolfe Research's Chris Senyek. Cryptocurrency stocks rallied during Tuesday's trading session.

### DATE: 
2024-11-05

### Summary: 
They have also considered the impact of potential tariffs proposed by former President Donald Trump.
Some on Wall Street view a Harris win as a potential obstacle for antitrust and megacap technology stocks.
"Regulatory scrutiny will probably help a lot of M & A activity under Trump — Harris, it'll be a little more of the status quo," said Jay Woods, chief global strategist at Freedom Capital Markets.
This could "slow the pace of the AI revolution," he said in a recent post to X that also called a Harris win "more bullish" for the industry.
Some investors also view Tesla as a likely winner under a Trump administration, given CEO Elon Musk's close ties to the former president.

### Keywords: 
stocks
win
administration
trump
harris
investors
view
tax
fare
tech
rate
antitrust
potential
tariffs

-------------------------------------------------

